Where Are You Beefy  Guy? M4M
You used to visit me in Astoria, you were stocky and beefy with a nice belly, professional top guy. I was masculine, bearded, bottom and very happy to have you over. Would like to see you again.    
Saw You At Flushing Golf Course 4M4
Saw you teeing at Flushing, wanted to talk to you but I was with friends, would like to connect, I have a thing for golfers.    
to that young blond girl
I saw you at the CVS , can't forget that smile , you are the one that a man like me always dreamed for
If you read this please reply back , want to see you again    
PLACER DE AMOR
Quiero acariciar tu cuerpo, chupar tus tetas, lamer y coger tu chocha ahora. Estoy disponible ahora. Hablamos 
Habló español un poquito pero mi boca y mi verga hablan todas las lenguas, te estoy esperando mi amor    
Hope to see you
Tomorrow is Tuesday morning. Are you around in the morning? I am at home.
Let me know if you see this and want to try    
Is there a plumber in the house?
I have a leaky pipe that needs tending to. Could probably use a snaking too in my drain. I would love to get an appointment this afternoon or anytime this week    
The B train does stop at 7th Avenue!
You were the very cute girl in overalls and black boots sitting across from me on the B train on Friday, 1/4/19 at around 5:45pm. You'd asked me, "does the B train stop at 7th avenue"- I wasn't sure (as I get off at Dekalb), and replied that I knew that the F does... I was trying to find out for certain, but I didn't have service. Before I knew it you were running to get off at Broadway-Laff to catch the F I presumed, and the doors were just about to close, but I'd caught it for you and you got off. I saw you looking back with the most beautiful smile trying to see me as the train was passing you by... Anyway, I hope you got to your destination ok:) . I believe the stations are only a few blocks away from each other. Obviously I would love the opportunity to see you again haha- If you see this, hit me up!    
You Are a Mom Who Didn't Pick Up a Gift on Sunday
Hi, you are a mom I chatted with on Saturday who was shopping for a gift for a relative. I placed the item on hold for you but you didn't come back on Sunday to get it. I'm very interested in meeting with you privately, if you know what I mean.  If you think this is you, describe the gift and details about me.    
Downtown C train this morning M4M
Me: black overcoat, red hat, green scarf,
You dark hair. Green pants, facial hair
We made a lot of eye contact and you got off at 34th on the downtown C
I stayed on but we looked back!
Maybe you will see this    
Pipe cleaner
Hi I'm a nice man looking to clean your pipe and get cleaned    
Get Together
Its probably been over 6 months but we used to get together on a regular basis.  I have had a lot of stuff going on but wanted to tell you I miss seeing you.  Your a fun and sexy woman, if you feel the same and want to try again please let me know.
Thanks, I hope you see this.    
Insha... Where are you...
Insha I miss our friendship... Somehow we lost contact... I'm still in Staten island...I think you're still in Brooklyn... I remember our first date at the old seaport... Just thought I would take a random shot at reconnecting with you...  -S    
unhappy text
i'm mid 27s, recently single & unhappy just need a guy who make me pleased Text here-④③④②⑤④0⑥⑦①--    
Looking for former friends to meat at my place
Last year I met some really great guys that had a lot in common with me. If you are one of them, get back to me so we can renew our friendship.    
M in need of F email flirt
Feeling invisible today. Maybe it's just because it's Monday.  I would love to hear from a woman in the same boat, exchange email flirtation, seduction, stories. Just something to get our pulses going on a cold grey Monday.  Let me know what you like!    
M (21) for W (30+)
Hey Spanish/ Italian here for gl hookup. I'm 420 friendly. 6 ft
185
Email or kik : coolkidgotit    
Where Are You, MARIA (Mari) A. RODRIGUEZ?!
Where are you, MARIA (Mari) A. RODRIGUEZ (formerly, Maria De Mota) from La Romana, Republica Dominicana?
Hola, Mari!
I've been trying to find you for the last 5 years. No luck; thus, far. 
To reply--my message you will recognize and my name you must remember--I will assist you with some helpful facts:
- You used to live in the Bronx. One Jacobus Pl., 1st Fl.  I rented you that apartment.  
- You have a son whose name starts with the letter D, I believe, and the first name of your best friend-and-roommate at Jacobus Pl. started with the letter J.  Her last name, I believe, started with the letter C. . . . I might be wrong with the J's last name, otherwise everything else is factual. I'm just trying to respect their privacy, so I will not divulge their names. 
- We drove to Boston . . . well, I drove! - You just sat there looking pretty and reading your book . . . all the way to Boston.
- All came to an abrupt end soon after "someone" visited you; yet, we never said good bye.
Now, because we never said "good bye"; I want to say "hello". Therefore, if you know my name, please write back and say, "hello". 
I am still the same jokester I was then. . . . Oh, "but I was so much older then, I'm younger than that, now".
If you are not Mari, and you believe you might know Mari or Maria; be kind, pass along my message to her.
And Mari; my apology for pasting your name on this public venue; I do sincerely apologize; but, I had no other choice. I just want to say "hello" and find out how are you doing. After all, we were the best of friends; weren't we, Mari?  
Many thanks. Pass it along to any Maria (or Mari) you know. . . . PLEASE!

Where Are You, MARIA (Mari) A. RODRIGUEZ?!
Where are you, MARIA (Mari) A. RODRIGUEZ (formerly, Maria De Mota) from La Romana, Republica Dominicana?
Hola, Mari!
I've been trying to find you for the last 5 years. No luck; thus, far. 
To reply--my message you will recognize and my name you must remember--I will assist you with some helpful facts:
- You used to live in the Bronx. One Jacobus Pl., 1st Fl.  I rented you that apartment.  
- You have a son whose name starts with the letter D, I believe, and the first name of your best friend-and-roommate at Jacobus Pl. started with the letter J.  Her last name, I believe, started with the letter C. . . . I might be wrong with the J's last name, otherwise everything else is factual. I'm just trying to respect their privacy, so I will not divulge their names. 
- We drove to Boston . . . well, I drove! - You just sat there looking pretty and reading your book . . . all the way to Boston.
- All came to an abrupt end soon after "someone" visited you; yet, we never said good bye.
Now, because we never said "good bye"; I want to say "hello". Therefore, if you know my name, please write back and say, "hello". 
I am still the same jokester I was then. . . . Oh, "but I was so much older then, I'm younger than that, now".
If you are not Mari, and you believe you might know Mari or Maria; be kind, pass along my message to her.
And Mari; my apology for pasting your name on this public venue; I do sincerely apologize; but, I had no other choice. I just want to say "hello" and find out how are you doing. After all, we were the best of friends; weren't we, Mari?  
Many thanks. Pass it along to any Maria (or Mari) you know. . . . PLEASE!

Dear John
We were together when I turned 16  and when I turned 26. I'll be turning 36 soon and I wish you'd find me again. Maybe things are different now?    
Trans?
Looking for a trans to chat with. M4T    
Midtown Hilton Beautiful Woman
Wow,, the chemistry was immediately there. We locked eyes and almost couldn't stop looking at one another.  You were in the lobby as I walked in to check into my room.  Lets have a cocktail.. I'm in town all week.  I was the 5 10 180 blonde, blue, fit WM..  Lets chat    
Cute girl from Sarah Lawrence
It was funny, you said, that your loans would be greater than what your parents paid for the home where you were raised. I nodded and tipped my glass to you, letting the words sit heavily between us. I paid for your drink out of sympathy for your situation and left in a hurry after paying for your drink. I should have stayed.    
For you
Good Night Precious,
M,
"One word frees us of all the weight and pain in life, that word is......Love."
.......Socrates
I love you.
R.
..................................................................................................................................................................................................    
I was the transman at the clinic
You seen me at the clinic, I was there getting my test results back from a sti screening that I did, all clear btw. I had the red shirt on with a peace sign on it, you looked at me weird because I looked like a man but then you seen my chest. I saw you looking at me and I was scared to smile but I gave a small smile and to my surprise you smiled back. You got up and sat next to me, being that it was LGBT friendly you weren't scared of anyone's opinion. You have a beautiful smile, strong arms and chubby with brown skin which I love. You asked me if I was trans and I said yes. You said that if it wasn't for my chest you would've thought I was a cis-man like you. You said I was cute and wrote your number on a piece of paper told me to hit you up if I was interested. You said you didn't mind my beard and to hit you up so we could have fun that you've always wanted to be with a transman. WELL I lost that paper and if you're reading this PLEASE hit me up. I would love to hook up with you.    
Museum of natural history - missed chances
Met you at the museum today. You were sweet and easy you talk to. You asked if we could stay in touch. I should've said yes but I felt shy and said no. Wish I could have a do-over on this one.    
Laugh out loud Comedy Club
You.. Visiting from Sacramento with your 2 daughters. You attended the 8:15 show
Me.. African American woman with blond hair. Hanging out with my girlfriends. 
Us..We made strong eye contact outside the show.. I winked at you and smiled.    
looking for someone on Brooklyn bound A train
Hi,
I'm looking for the person who was sitting near me on the A train this morning around 9. I got off at Fulton in Manhattan. You had on a black knit hat and maroon Pumas and you were reading a old paperback copy of a book titled Focusing.

A queen on her throne
Just a brother who saw you on the E-train on Archer Ave going to Manhattan.  A thick bbw who looked like she wanted to use me for her seat----I don't mind.

yoga man with the yellow mat - saturday on 145th street
we made it into the yoga class last night! You wished me a fun evening afterwards, it was, but I was wishing we had set a time for a coffee to talk more. 
Message me with your name and tell me why I needed to be in that class :)    
Met you in the Laundromat...
I met you with my daughter in the Family Laundromat in the Bronx. I definitely should have asked for your number...
I was looking for you before I left but I couldn't find you...here's to hoping you will see this! 
-Redheaded Lady with the Blue shirt... 
😍😉😘    
Girl who noticed my friend throwing up on the lirr 3AM saturday 1/12
We were all taking the 3 am lirr from penn station to port washington saturday 1/12.
I was with my group of friends who were asians and you were with a friend, both of you guys eating pizza.
You noticed my friend who was sitting behind us throwing up and ran away to the otherside as he stood behind your seat.
You are turning 25 in few weeks and work as a pace maker rep.
I dig your outgoing personality.
I'm the dude who had the black overcoat over sweater and oxford who you thought i worked in tech or stats.
Message me and let's grab beers!    
I lost your number, we had fun at my moms, back of truck etc lol
Hope your on here baby    
HER NAME WAS PORANDOKT
YOU WERE A STUDENT ME A PROFESSOR . THE YEARS HAVE PAST MAYBE WE CAN REKINDLE WHAT I NOW BELIEVE WAS A MUTUAL CRUSH. TELL ME WHAT WAS MY SUBJECT THAT MATTER THAT I TAUGHT?    
to the blonde girl in Valley Stream LIRR Station
To the girl in Valley Stream to Manhattan LIRR 8:03 am (Valley Stream) 
We always meet in that train LIRR to Manhattan. You are usually putting your make up, sitting in front of me. You are about 26 years old, you are so beautiful. I get off in Jamaica and you keep going I don't know if to Woodside or Manhattan.
If you read this please answer me, I think we could be good friends.... lol    
Red hair
I saw you at the super market (Stop and Shop) in Huntington.
you look so beautiful with red hair if you read this, answer me.    
Ludlow Coffee Shop
It was almost impossible to concentrate on my thick book, both before and after you took the hoodie off and revealed that tempting slip.

ISO this cute guy who used to work at Trader Joe's....
first time I saw you were checking me out as i was walking out the store towards WF. i brushed it off since I was grieving at the time. but then a few times, you were following me inside the store but i pretended not to notice you. then a couple of weeks later , you vanished out of thin air ; not sure if you quit or got fired etc... ( you seem younger ; early 20s , about 6'1 with  shoulder length dark brown hair with a bit of premature stache ...) well, here's hoping we crossed paths again & connect one day ;) PS: not looking for a hook up with someone else other than the person im referring to. ive never done this sorta thing before ie posting to find someone i barely knew so , it's quite possibly my first & last time to work up the courage to do so... & so, if you think that it's YOU whom i'm posting about , hmu with a mugshot & i'll hit you back with mine. peace <3    
San to jfk JetBlue
...we talked before the flight and after waiting for bags. Your were very sweet ...we both have pets... what breeds?    
Candy needs to be licked
Looking for someone m or f to eat this spread of candy I have. Serious inquires only.    
Running Van Cortlandt Park on New Yrs Day
You were running and working out in park yesterday afternoon around 3:30 pm
Think I've seen you in park other times. 
You were in hoodie and shorts
I was walking around the track in blue down coat and baseball cap.
We crossed paths several times, I was too shy to initiate conversation

HER NAME IS YASMIN
HEY WE MET A FEW MONTHS AGO HAVE NOT BEEN ABLE TO GET YOUR ENCHANTING SMILE OUT OF MY MIND SINCE THEN. MY FIRST NAME STARTS WITH A "B"
HOPING YOU SEE THIS    
To the curvey poster
We met at your hotel rooom- was hoping you are visiting again or planning on soon
Would enjoy seeing you aga    
PLAISIRS SENSUELS D'AMOUR
J'ai envie de toi, j'ai envie de sucer tes seins, lécher ta chatte et the baiser sans fin....contacte-moi tout de suite    
Thinking of you
Every time I see a NYU Langone ambulance I think about you.): (M4W)    
Sword Swallower
Missed talking to you at the gym.   The man with the tattoo.    
Lost Contact with Amanda
Hi,
I'm seeking to find a friend Amanda.
We shared daily contact for over a year both on phone and meeting each other. 
You had lost a dear and caring uncle and you turned to me for comfort. We were close and I know I helped you at that time. 
I had a phone problem and lost your number and email.
Please contact me at least to let me know you are doing ok.

Spring Street C train into BK
you gave me and my buddy information about the C heading into brooklyn. you have shorter brown hair and were wearing a purple coat. i feel there might have been something between us and should have asked your name but we got on a different train car
tell me where you had just gone shopping    
ONGOING HOOKUP
I am looking for a horny and carefree woman who's looking for sensual and erotic attention    
1 train to L Gray Adidas
Rode a few stops on the one train, then we both transferred to the L around midnight. You were walking just behind me, then passed me in the tunnel, then stopped to check something. (I don't know what. Was trying not to give you too much unsolicited attention, i.e. stare.) Then you passed me again. I didn't realize how pretty you were until I saw you again on the L platform. We were definitely aware of each other by now. It seemed friendly. I wanted to ask you something, out of curiosity, not just because I wanted to talk to you. Seems harder to talk to people these days but I made up my mind to ask, anyway. But then you got off the train at 3rd Ave. You had brown, shoulder-length hair, wavy--almost curly. Black down overcoat and amazing gray Adidas sneakers. Stan Smiths?    
Studying For MCAT On The F Train
Of course I have no idea if you'll see this, but if you do...
This was at about 4:30pm on Saturday the 12th. I approached you with a question, and you seemed wonderfully pleasant. I didn't want to interrupt what you were doing (or seem at all creepy), so I left you to continue what you were doing after that. If you'd care to speak further, I'd be most pleased to hear from you. If so, please tell me what was in your hands and at which stop you exited the F train.    
Comedy show last night
Hi there you were at the comedy show last night. This comedy show was held in a ........ I was thinking you and I could meet there and I could get some ....... for you

John with size 12 feet.
We met sometime last year near Penn station and I worshipped your beautiful big feet.
You had a gf at the time and were in your early 30s. You lived near penn station . I'm 25 Hispanic & very fem 
I know this is a long shot, but if you happen to see it and want to reconnect, hit me up. Also any guys with big feet who like them serviced hmu.    
Subscribers are missing!! HELP
Help Me REACH MY GOAL.
I have over 600 subscribers on youtube /mropevargas but I would like more..the goal is to hit at least 2000 this year!!
Comment like debate scribe and share any and all videos you like!!!    
guy with cat tattoos
To the guy with cat tattoos at 10th street baths yesterday, I thought you were cute but didn't want to disturb your peace.    
Tall man with the sweetest dog in tow
Can't believe I'm doing this but I've been thinking about how much I regret not saying hello. 
You were on the uptown C last night toward 168th. I saw you at first on a bench before the train arrived with your adorable dog in his fleece trimmed black pullover. You're tall with brown hair and a lovely beard. You were wearing brown boots and a henley of sorts under your coat. We exchanged quite of few glances but in the end we just smiled at each other as I got of the train. I was in a hurry but not getting your name feels like a mistake. 
If you see this and message me, describe what I was wearing. I really hope you do.    
Lookin for that pregnant lady i met at Shoprite
You are pregnat young lady , you have 2 daughters and pregnant with a female 
I helped you while you were carrying bottles of water and told you to go in before me to the cashier 
We spoke with each other and i told you i am married too , i saw the spark on your brown eyes and can't stop thinking about you 
If you read this add please reply with your phone number

met at boston book on 12/24 afternoon
met there and had fun - would like to meet again- u BBC/ me small thin guy. let me know what u were wearing.    
Guy on F TRAIN
You hopped on 34th St. I was sitting directly across from you. Your are a handsome older man mostly black hair  your eyes are brown and THICK. you always wear dark colored work cargo pants possibly green, Black air max sneakers,black shoulder bag and black jacket on your Lapel you have a pin of a blue rifle and on the right side A black pin of the holy cross and your always listening to music with your BOSE ear buds. I have seen you a few times on the F TRAIN, some times you get off on DITMAS ave with different very pretty women, as a matter of fact I've seen you with quite a few women. one time I was stuck in traffic and I happen to look over and you were sitting on your stairs talking too a tall women. now I always pass by you home and sometimes I see you in your driveway playing with a cat, very cute.   WOW your HOT and no wedding ring that's a plus. I know one thing for sure no women could ever tie you down. lets have a drink or something. If this is you tell me what street you live on.    
CSL can't stop thinking about you
It seems like a lifetime ago. Sine the last time I saw your face I've lost so much. I find so much peace in just knowing that you are still the same. Funny thing about lava is no matter the shape or temperature it is the same. I hope that you are well and you are finding your moments of happiness. I love you. 
T    
Guys with big feet
Keep seeing guys' big bare feet in yoga class and it's been such a distraction! Let me know if you wear size 12 or above and want your feet rubbed or licked/sucked. I've been wanting to do this.    
To the most beautiful chapa-rrita
Wherever you go
Wathever you do
I will be here waiting for you.
Don't be to late please.    
Blue ribbons bar
You were with some guy, for few minutes he went away and our eyes met. We both smiled at each other. I was the guy with red striped shirt sitting alone. I thought we had a sublime connection.    
The beautiful dark haired girl on the F train
Hey, you sat across from me going towards Manhattan. All though I noticed you, you didn't notice me. You have beautiful dark hair, fair/pale complexion, maybe in your 30's or late 20's. I'm guessing you're a creative or poetic person. It would be nice to connect with you.    
short hills mall bloomingdales mens dept.
Saw you this evening around 6:00 in the mens dept. at bloomingdales.
I passed you by and you looked at me. you were standing there holding some clothing , but it looked like you were waiting for someone. Then I glanced back at you a few more times and you looked at me. Then I didn't see you anymore. You are one of the most handsome men I have ever seen in my entire life. I should of spoken to you.
Send me a message. I would like to meet you.    
short hills mall bloomingdales mens dept.
Saw you this evening around 6:00 in the bloomingdales mens dept. I passed you and you looked at me. You were standing holding some clothes but it looked like you were waiting for someone. I looked back at you a few times and you looked at me. You are one of the most handsome men I have ever seen. I wanted to speak to you, but then I didn't see you anymore. I would like to meet you. If you read this and you were there send me a message.    
Handsome man at Starbucks Reserve Chelsea
Brown hair, gray shirt and green pants man sitting at the lower level of the Starbucks reserve in Chelsea on Saturday 01/12. We made eye contact a few times and I totally regret not passing my number to the baristas to give to you    
Cute blonde
I was teaching my kids how to skate at the Pavillion skating rink in Staten Island. We made several eye contacts. You were wearing a yellow beanie. Tell me what kind of jacket you were wearing. Hope to hear from you    
Miss your visits ....thick daddy misses his DL thug
you used to come by often, to visit and make a deposit, miss your visits , we lost touch... would love to reconnect    
A.P.C. Guy
Hi to the charming A.P.C. guy. Nice to see you again this afternoon and chat. I'm a tall guy and you've sold me two things recently (one item before the holidays; the other today). You're adorable. Let's get a drink if you see this.    
Guitar at Turnstile 14 Street Union Square
My guitar fell when I was trying to swipe my meter card to enter the turnstile at 14 Street Union Square, to catch the Brooklyn / Queens bound R train. And you were so kind , you picked it up for me. You are a real New Yorker and a lovely lady. I would really love to be in touch with you. I hope you see this add and reach out to me. Stay as sweet as you are.    
Guitar at Turnstyile
My guitar fell when I was trying to swipe my metro card to enter the turnstile at 14 Street Union Square, to catch the  Brooklyn / Queens bound R train. And you were so kind, you picked it up for me. You are a real New Yorker and a lovely lady. I would really love to be in touch with you. I hope you see this add and reach out to me. Stay as sweet as you are.    
Saw you in StopnShop on Union Tpike
Saw you today you are very handsome. Our eyes locked more than once. Finally spoke over a product. If you're him what did we both grab to put in out carts. It was my chance to say something to you but I wanted to say so much more. 
Hope you are reading this.    
You were coming discreetly to my place
I am discreet male, you were to.
Ju hust needed a good service    
Stamford Hung Guy
Hi I'm looking for MR hung guy
We used to hookup in Stamford 
I'm 33!nice shape, sexy span-Ital 
Gay bottom .
Reply with age, pics, into    
Tonight looking
In my 20s. Looking for fun tonight. Open to anything. Shoot me a message if interested    
flirting on the N train
you were the cute asian guy I was flirting with at on the N train near Hell's Kitchen.
But I was too shy to strike up a conversation. I was wearing a black jacket, black-rimmed glasses, and had about a 3-day stubble. Creative type, clean cut. Was that you?    
Pretty alone, to all the beautiful girls I've seen
Maybe we've seen each other and never spoke. I miss long talks, affection, laughing with someone. I often see couples and wish I had that in my life. I'm pretty easy to get a long with, friendly, in my 30's, love creating art, music, love animals, and I live in Brooklyn. It would be nice to talk and hang out, hope to hear from you.    
Long shot - party
Hey all,
Years ago, I attended a party (briefly) at a private apartment in fresh meadows. Was wondering if they're still happening (so much fun and looking to relive that).  It was a weekly party and I believe there was another one in Forest hills. Any information is helpful and feel free to message if you need more clarity.    
The fifth circle
I'm fighting the future-I'm finding you after
I crawl back from the deepest pits...
It's harder to think about the ways you let me believe that I could mean something more to you.
I question your motives,
I've torn up the floorboards.
It was always the sirens drawing me closer to the rocks I deserved so much.
You were the serpent, wrapped around my legs...
That's alright. I'll be fine.
It wasn't the night sky fading away as salt water soaked my skin.
I felt the warmth bathing my face, it was my soul bracing me beneath the waves. 
You were there with wings outstretched, 
teaching me to breathe again. 
You were there with hood and scythe . Driving deeper in my back.    
GUY FROM L.I. SEEKS MARIA FROM KEW GARDENS
We dated about year and a half ago (we met on Match) u were a beautiful Asian RN (from the Philippines) working in the operating room in Mt.Sinai hospital.
  We always held hands when we went out, I always took my hands and gently caressed your hair and neck while waiting for our food to be served at the restaurants. We always touched and caressed and hugged and kissed and OMG---our love making was at levels nobody ever reaches. So natural, so beautiful and soooo intense !
    It all changed because of my unsettled situation.
   I miss you....how are you ?

Cute guy with a dog on the 1 train this morning
This is a long shot but here it goes. I entered the 1 train heading uptown on Franklin Street this morning and immediately noticed this cute dark haired, well dressed guy sitting with his sweet dog in a cozy sweater in its carry bag on his lap. I asked you what type of dog he was and talked for a few minutes about the challenges/cost of having a dog in NYC and how I wish I could have a dog but work too much. We continued to talk for a minute and I asked your dog's name which is adorable I must add. Wish I had the guts to ask your name and number but instead I just said "enjoy the rest of your day" and exited the train at my stop.
If by any chance you see this, message me back!    
Looking for guy on a motorcycle
You came to my hotel room and gave me an awesome blow.  You rode a motorcycle.  Hope to find you again.    
The Slim guy I played cards and drinking game with at my house
I was the slim, Afro-Cuban TS girl you met last year. You were tall, slim, young black guy who came over, and we played cards and a drinking strip poker game...LOL I had fun with you, as I believed you had fun as well.  My name is Mariah in case that rings a bell, as I look forward to reconnecting with you.  Thank you,    
Cutie on MTA to New Haven
Hi you were sitting in 4 person seat across from my brother and I. Tall, dark & handsome. You were wearing AirPods, sneakers, a nice watch and grey pants. You got off at Stamford- if you know who I am or are interested in either my brother or me ;) message back with what I look like    
Looking for a lady
Looking for a lady or a couple that's interested in going to the movies tonight to see Bohemian Rhapsody, Queen 
Please be local and send contact info , email 
VGL Male here 5'6 br hair ,all of it,  br eyes , nice build    
Qm1 bus in the morning
you get on my bus in the morning, you are asian always looking sharp.  its good to see you again.....tell me where you get on?    
Valley Stream LIRR station: blonde girl
Hi.
 We looked each other for a while. You smile at me and the LIRR Valley Stream arrived. 
Hope you can email me back
Javier    
You walked your dog last night (55/7)
We crossed path last night when I was walking west on 54th (or maybe 55th) and you walking your very cute pup (around 7:30ish).  We smiled to each other and made a lot of eye contact.  I wish I were brave enough to strike up a conversation.  Hit me up if you see this by any chance.    
Park Slope on 7th avenue (m4w)
I saw you walking on 7th avenue, tall, slim, dark hair, 30's.
Me - 40's, 6' tall, White, European, fit, Wall st professional.    
We were at that restaurant bar having brunch.
Your said your name is Maurice,  the spot was 116 between 5th & 6th ave. If you c this , get in touch.    
Tall, broad, handsome guy on A train
I had got on at 170th st and you were standing the doorway
You were broad and built and i stood in front of you for a second when i got on
You were black and very tall and big. I am white and spanish and short/small compared to you. I looked a bit young, but im actually in my 20's
I stared for a bit, but put my head down when I thought you saw me. I usually am not that rude or weird. I an shy though.
You were into your phone and i was distracted by you just doing that. Lol
I dont ever do this so hopefully we can find eachother. You can reply and just tell me what jacket you were wearing and the color. If i feel it is you i hope you dont mind sending a picture so i can find out if it is you    
Steve from DC at Ruffhouse
You and your friend Scott were visiting from DC and had come to Ruffhouse on the recommendation of a couple of NYC fellas. We chatted and flirted until I finally got you into the backroom. WOW! Kissing you is heaven. So much passion and heart. You're a handsome man and I'd love to stay in touch. 
Reach out, big guy :D    
.... aka Lily
Smart smart smart and all woman. Miss your laugh, watching you flashdance in the sand on your beach in the cold, but when I last saw you you were so sad. We danced a quiet dance with the stars and your tears. Timing. I came here to say you caught me and if you'll let me help you see your way out of silence I'd like to know you. I've got some champagne. We can toast the heavens and dance again    
My Blue Haired Beauty on the 1 to South Ferry
Earlier this week I was was smitten with a black and blue haired girl on the 1 train who got on around Penn Station, and got off at Houston, like me.
You were holding a Starbucks cup, and looked possibly Hispanic. You were absolutely gorgeous. You had on a reddish/brown/rust jacket.
Can't stop thinking about you.    
To The Beautiful Girl with the Blue & White Hair
From a few weeks ago; she was a student. 
You got on the N train with your friend down in Brooklyn, and rode it all the way through Manhattan, almost to Queens. 
You had deep navy blue and blonde hair, an amazing combination...even your eyebrows were coordinated. You were wearing a dark denim jumpsuit, and a dark brown Carhart jacket, a bunch of ear piercings, dark red nails, and an absolutely electric smile. I was so into your style.
I couldn't help but keep glancing at you from across the train. And it wasn't even because I saw you blow your nose into a certain feminine hygiene product...honestly, I appreciated the resourcefulness. I just thought you were absolutely the most stunning woman I've ever seen. If by some miracle you see this, let's grab a coffee.    
Gray beanie and sweet kicks
We passed by each other by on Christopher Street and I complimented your sneakers, saying, "Sweet kicks." You laughed and said, "Who still says that?" But you were smiled and looked back at me. I hope you thought I was charming because you are just my type. HMU if you see this!    
You work on 8, I work on 7...
This is probably so stupid but whatever lol. We got in the elevator at the same time this morning. We were making some awkward eye contact but it was kinda funny. I got off and said something, you replied and then we went about our days. Near the end of the day, I was at my cubicle and then boom, you walk in our section just looking around. You leave and I get up to go fill up my water bottle. As I'm walking, I see you at the end of the hallway and we make eye contact. I was like "is this really happening lol". I fill up my water bottle and as I'm leaving, you walk in and I said "hey" and then you said "hey whats up". The rest of the day I was trying to figure out who you were and was kicking myself for not introducing myself, ugh! 
If you ever come across this, please message me I would love to know who you are.    
You told me the 6 was going to Pelham Bay.
I noticed you on 125th St, we both got on the 6. we were both trying to get on the express six train. But for whatever reason the six express kept on going to local. You and I both got off waiting for the next six, only to have that changed to a local also, and that's where I asked you "if the 6 was going to Parkchester or Pelham Bay Park." I was the tall African American gentleman. I pretended to be engaged with my phone, I tried to look over and smile at you a couple of times, but I couldn't bring myself to say anything to you on a crowded train, although, We did make eye contact .I think you are the most beautiful woman I've ever seen.  You got off at Hunts point Avenue .I'm hoping to run into you again, i promise to say hello...if you see me say hello.  I would love to get to know you.    
He's in here for being too cute!!
You were a cute emt, I noticed you also. 
Where did this meeting took place?
He's in here for being too cute..... those were your words.    
Riding the A train
Met you on the A train Friday evening, both of us headed home to Netflix and chill. Bonded over our disdain for ignorant people on the subway, our non-metropolitan roots, and the expiration date we've both reached despite being in NYC for a decade, give or take. I got off at 42nd street only to wish I had missed my stop so you could have  asked for my number... W>M    
Master trying to reconnect with sub
I am trying to reconnect with a white sub I met here a couple of years ago. I knew you by a couple of names. One starting with the letter A and the other S. We used to have food and drinks at your place. You would offer to do some chores for me or run errands. You lived in a building with a door man. My guess is by now you are your in mid late 30s. You were healthy, lived comfortably. This is a long shot but I would like to get in contact with you again. If you see this send me a reply.    
5 train at 5:17pm
You were wearing a dark red coat reading a book when I got onto the 5 train at Brooklyn Bridge. We kept looking at each other even when you got off at Fulton street. I was wearing a yellow coat.    
Pale blue eyes - A Train
We both got on the uptown A at 42nd - you kindly let me step on first.  We both struggled to get our footing at first ;).  You have such beautiful eyes (and everything else).  We exchanged a number of looks; I should've said something.  Forgive me.    
Swimmer in Orange Swimsuit
Swimmer in Orange Swimsuit in steam room, wondering are you a new member or have a room upstairs at the YMCA, 
Let me Know, nice buns    
Girl wearing choker at the mall.
We meet at the mall. We talked (flirted), ate & drank. Then met at my home where I cooked for you & had cocktails in the hot tub.
You dressed to impress & entice! You said you loved older men & looking up at me & exploring together. Sooo comfortable together yet intense.
We agreed there was a great anticipation for our next encounter. What happened? : (
No answer on phone or text, then out of service.    
i'm looking for the Egyptian i met in the metro (line 6)
hi,
if you are the egyptian boy that i met yesterday at 6pm at 59th street station (line 6), i'm the frenchy, i would like to connect again and take good care of you on my knees    
Looking for a female friend
Looking for a female friend to hang out with. M looking for W. hit me up if you wanna hang out and have some fun.    
FREE Mssgae
FREE full mssgae offered to male or females at my place in Forest Hills.
48 6ft 200 SWM here
Please start your reply with at least the same info about you.    
Trader joe's brunette (m4w)
You are always nice and smile I chicken out. I Want to take you out for  a drink and dinner.    
fourth floor not the fortieth
you: probably a delivery guy, i mean you had a big backpack. 
asked reception what floor something something was on, he said fourth, you said "i'm gonna assume you said fourth floor not fortieth heh heh" which i thought was funny because it sounded like paulie's laugh from the sopranos. 
me: funny shoes, fat red coat, white paper bag
we: got into an elevator with two other people also going to the fourth floor.    
Express
You work at the store very cute guy don't know if u swing this way, would mind having some fun seen you a few times last time i saw you i asked your name tell me urs and I'll let you know if ur him! Otherwise keep staying cute!!    
looking for friends
just looking to make friends.  no ulterior motives here.    
Really
Really have been thinking about you a lot lately
Really miss the connection
Really sorry    
I think Grandma likes me
I used to deliver food to your house all the time and you used to say nice compliments to me . You are a very kind lady , always smiling and those shiny eyes got my attention also ðŸ˜Š. You said you loved my accent and you always liked tall guys . I think our age difference would make the friendship very special ðŸ˜€ .  Let's see if you remember me    
I Miss you!
hey whats new ? im full im not eating i need a doctor    
That's where we last saw each other anyway, the first time I saw you
This peekaboo game has been going on for years. There's been a giant boulder between us ever since I first tried to talk to you alone, on my own. It's since had company, the boulder, on and... off? Or maybe just on and on and on. I think you might not want the boulder to be there between us anymore, maybe not anything at all. Other times, I wonder how much longer before I lose my mind if I haven't already. Or when am I going to look up and see that my life has passed me by while I was looking this way. There's something about you that I haven't been able to shake. About you and me, between us. I can't know for sure what it is but there must be something, maybe even something small. To me it has felt exactly like, well, everything. And of the best possible kind. Beyond imagining and I think we can agree on one thing: I've got some imagination. But what do I know. Just tell me something, please--anything. If I could hear your voice. Maybe take a chance. There could be an upside. I won't hold you to anything. Reach out your hand and I promise I'll give it right back the second you ask. I don't make that many promises, because I keep them.    
M4M that indian delivery guy
You dropped some food in my apartment numerous times when I order dinner. Wondering if you'd be down for a different tip sometime.

Plaza Hotel Bar at LGA
We met at the Plaza Bar hotel and had a few cocktails before we headed over the Marriot Bar for a few more.
You were an attractive blonde mid 40s, we had some serious chemistry.  I'm 5 10 180 blonde blue,  lets get back to gether.. will be back in town next week.    
You drove me from the airport to Brooklyn - m4m
I arrived back from vacation to NYC. You picked me up on Lyft and I thought you were very, very attractive. Unfortunately, you were on your phone the entire time but would have invited you over for some fun and help ease your tension. I was the guy who had to call you twice while lost at the airport pickup area. Drop me a line    
You were perfect
You were perfect :) 
All my wants and needs you were there :) 
Such a busy man but you always mad time for me :) 
I haven't seen you in forever but hopefully you think I'm still hot  ... my daddy oh how I miss my daddy .    
Looking for friends!
I'll be visiting NYC in April for maybe 2 weeks.. Looking to meet friends and get to know the place! 
And what better way than craigslist lmfaooo
Uhh, about me...
I'm taken. So please don't. 
24, female.
Memes
And making my meaningless life a little bit brighter is my goal 
If you bring a pessimistic, jerky attitude, but can still relate to IT CROWD ..you're perfect! :)    
Dumbo Art Show
Hi. Seen you in the elevator yet could not make the art show.
Send me an email.    
Dad Looking to Reconnect with his College Boy
Looking for Nick who I had a regular thing with a while back. We would hang and play regularly.
He was in college -- out of the city and came in to visit. He started with little experience and learned a whole lot in a very short period of time.
If you see this, you will be able to tell me where we road tripped. Coach would like another chance at training you well.  
He got busy and we disconnected. Would be great to find him again and take up where we left off. If not, I would like to find a similar situation.  Shoot me a note and tlel me about you and what you are looking for.
Me: discreet suited professional dad.....  52 y/o  happy to send details.  195lbs.
Well hung.  8c
Make this a GREAT semester.    
date
Casual dating females ?    
You are my patient...M4W
Saw you today. 
I can't ethically say anything about how I feel, and you being well is my top priority, but I can't keep it bottled up, and this is the only thing I can think of to get it out there. 
The chances that you will see this are very slim, but if you do, and you want to respond, tell me where you travelled just before Christmas. 

You were in Amazing Savings
You were a frum jewish woman in amazing savings...
You were beautiful, and looked very good in your skirt...
You backed up while I was walking past you, and my hand brushed your tush...
Did you do that on purpose so that would happen ???    
Looking for my Uncle Mark its C.J. (L.E.S.)
I found Alissa. You can reach me through Artie at O'hanlons bar. He lives by Montgomery st. If anybody see's him. He is from south Carolina. With heavy accent.    
Staten Island couple
Hey J&R.
We used to hang out every knce in a while and have an amazing time all 3 of us.
Then I got crazy busy and lost contact. I still think about wild times we had together. I'd love to reconnect. 
Alex    
New year new beginning successful male seeking woman for ltr
Hi .I'm Puerto Rican down to earth .I just relocated here from Miami and looking for my soulmate ..I'm not interested in looks .just looking for a woman with strong family ties.drama and stress free .....me I'm military retired .I'm tall and often told I'm handesome .420 ok .but drug and disease free ..please reply with pic and a little bit about you.  For a response ....no pic no reply ..    
made eyes in taco bell on nostrand
Hi.
We were both in taco bell tuesday night. You had on yeezys and i was wearing nikes. We made eyes but then my crunchwrap supreme came...
find me    
Looking for that sexy TV off of 7th ave
looking for that gorgeous TV that used to live off 7th ave? Tall, gorgeous, italian I think? I met her a year or so ago and lost her number and email. Turns out that happened with a couple of girls I used to know, oh well!
   If anyone knows her or anyone like her please get back to me,
            thanks    
Handsome guy waiting for Q train towards uptown
Yesterday.....We were both waiting for the Q train towards uptown. You had clean cut look. Very good shape. I think you were in your late thirties or early forties. Twenty nine here. 
I'm the guy who had a black backpack and AirPods. We glanced at each other a couple of times. 
Hope we can connect    
Trader Joe's last Friday / brunette with a white coat / 5:30 PM
Saw you last Friday around 5:30 PM at the 6th Ave Trader Joe's. 
You: cute girl with longer dark brown hair in a white jacket and put on a white hat before leaving.  Me: tall with a beard, black hat, and black coat. 
We made eye contact a couple times, and I definitely wished I would have asked for your number.  If this sounds like you, let me know what item you picked up just before leaving the store - it'd be great to get to know you!

Indian girl
We saw each other at the Indian restaurant where we came to pick up lunch. Chatted a little, but did not ask for your number. Can we talk? Good looking Indian guy here - on Fulton.    
Looking For My Thick Wall Street Goddess
I've seen you for months. In fidi. You are gorgeous. Thick and blonde, sensual lips, incredible blue eyes. 
Yesterday I saw you. It's been a while. You wore a light pink coat, and your hair had a bit of pink to it. You were holding a coffee, and giving directions. 
We made eye contact. I was with a client, so I couldn't stop. I realized i missed seeing you. I'm nervous you'll disappear again.
I'm 6'1, slim, dark hair, wearing a dark coat, over a gray suit.  
I never been with anyone like you, but always preferred curvier women. I like how cool you are, and confident, are you an artist? 
Do you like successful corporate guys, who would worship every inch of your body?
No replies from others. Only this girl. Send pic, or tell me where you were standing as proof.

Pleasurable fun with ebony female
Why don't you make a deposit first and I'll come right over... you can feel this warm wet tight pu*** all over you just please don't be into anything weird    
Bellerose LIRR this moring
You are blonde, and had a coffee in your hand. The train was packed this morning, you were standing next to me, by the door in one of the old trains. I have red hair, we kept looking at one another on and off.    
Sam
I miss you. Please call.
I know we can work things out.
Respond with my car make/color    
Bellerose LIRR this moring
You are blonde, and had a coffee in your hand. The train was packed this morning, you were standing next to me, by the door in one of the old trains. I have red hair, we kept looking at one another on and off.    
We Used To Pass the Day
Hello,
We used to exchange emails and ask each other questions to get to know each other throughout the day. We lost contact and I'd like to reconnect. Of course if you are a lady reading this and are looking to pass the time I am always open to making new connections as well. 

Gorgeous girl with Nose ring Starbucks Thursday morning
You walked in and we caught eyes. You had a nose ring and a great ass... we glanced at each other and when I left you were staring at me while I walked up the block... I dare you.    
Young athlete, looking for older woman...
Young black athlete from Queens, looking for an older woman (40s), I believe I missed you on the subway the other day. Would love to reconnect..    
Looking for Brandon Flowers (or Paul Newman) look alike
We met a couple days ago at The Perfect Pint on 45th.  I was visiting from out of town, you were there with co-workers. 
They bought you a Shirley Temple.  You live in Battery Park.  
Hope to hear from you soon.    
missing black daddy
white married bottom missing his discreet single black top daddy for fun.  Where you att. Single UPS daddies only.    
glances on F Train (m4m)
We kept making eye on the downtown F train this evening around 8:45 PM - I think that you're really handsome and wanted to say hello, but had to get off at East Broadway. 
Let me know what I was wearing, or send a pic so that I know it is you! Would love to buy you a drink sometime.    
Large Tattoo On Back - Phenomenal Looking Lady
THURSDAY, JUNE 28, 2018, SMITHHAVEN MALL. There was a beautiful woman with a large "tree" tattoo on her back, great shape, electrifying eyes... I approached her to tell her she looked "phenomenal." She replied: "you are so sweet." If you are or know this woman, please respond to me. I would very much like to meet you/her. Thank you.    
Pretty Jogger on East river park
You are a very pretty young woman who was jogging on Wed. 1/9 around 3:30 going north on East River park near the Corlears Hook ferry. i rode past you wearing a Philadelphia Phillies after playing tennis & we smiled at each other. Would love to meet.    
Newark Airport Terminal A
We first met on the air train and then started talking during the TSA line. We were split up in that Terminal A maze of security checkpoints; I should have said that you were traveling with me. I thought we could meet up in Terminal A, but you were right; I've never seen so many people in such a small airport terminal. I know you were heading to Miami and I was heading to Tucson. I also know that you're a bartender in Manhattan, but you are from Kansas City, and you used to be in sales.
I just wanted to thank you for making the security line better and I wanted to tell you that you had the most intriguing eyes. If you ever read this and want to continue our conversation reply to this post; you know what line of work I'm in.    
Washington Sq. Park Circa '85 -'88
Looking to start a community Forum with all the young kids that used to hang out in the park back in 1985 through the early 90s. That was a Golden Era of the '80s for us. I was there...with all the graff artists all the downtown kids, the Brooklyn kids & the uptown Manhattan/Bronx kids... we all converged on Washington Square Park. I've been reminiscing lately...I know we're all probably in our 40s early 50s...but there's a lot of memories & stories to share. Give me shout...I can recall most of the crowd...remember the original Tunnel with the rail tracks was the spot. Save the robots, The World, Sticky Mike's. Frankie Soul Food etc... If anyone knows of a group forum/chat that already exist, let me know...Thanks!    
Guy from the R train
It's most likely a long shot, but I was sitting in the R train a a cute guy got on the train, you had on beige pants and we kept looking at each other and locking gave.
I stood next to you when I was getting off at 77th and we locked eyes for a few, we even locked eyes while I was waiting to up the stairs and you stayed in the train.
Wishing you had come up and struck a conversation. If it's you message me, with a pic of yourself or let me know something I was wearing and we can get together sometime.    
Cute brunette at Dr. Smood on Broadway
Gorgeous wavy haired brunette. We looked at each other and smiled. I was at a shared table with a maroon cap on, looking quite hipsterish.    
Midday Tues - handsome tall male on L train
We shared a few lasting smiles on the eastbound L train. You got off at Lorimer and I stayed on. 
You were a tall dark-haired male, reading a book with a backpack and a Blick bag. I was also reading, black puffy jacket, a curly-haired woman, talking to a friend.    
Zara upper west side 66 street and broadway  m4w
We saw each other today ( Wednesday January 9) at Zara store. You were in the mene's section (you are a female) trying on jackets and you told me that they run a little large. Then I approached you again and I asked you if you found the right size and you said yes. You asked me If I found something and I said yes but I'm debating whether I should get the coat or not and you asked me to try it on for you to take a look and give me your opinion. I did and you said it looked really good on me and I should go for it. Lastly,  you asked me to try on the jacket you picked and I did then we said goodby/enjoy it. you have a very sweet/outgoing personality. I would love to invite you for some coffee one day. I hope that you can see this post.    
GH 16/7th
HMU for info    
Looking for stock guy with nice build I saw at the mall
You saw me yesterday, you saw how thick and cornbread fed iam. Please hit me up you said I'm so thick for a guy    
Lover's Shadow
We found comfort in darkness,
together we were sublime,
Staircase, office, or motel,
our connection was divine,
We understood another need,
we did not walk blind,
Lovers of lust, but not of marriage,
an escape only a few can find,
Let new ventures begin,
let new lovers ignite! 

Afghan to Afghan guy
Call me I lost your number. you know who i am we spoke be4    
The  Ukrainian girl in my apartment building - m4w
I doubt you'll never see this but I will try. We both live in the same building 4x 6x Elbertson St I see you with your kids in front of the building and sometimes walk the dog. We just start saying hi to each other.I'm sure you know who I am. I don't want to say too much I think you are so beautiful, well I can keep it secret,    
311 operator
Would love to meet the 311 operator I made laugh on Monday when she asked if there was anything else she could help with.    
cute brunette on A train at 14th street
You couldn't keep your eyes off my bulge. We made quick eye contact, smiled and then I had to get off train    
Looking for the muscular daddy guy on the L-train
L-train heading into Brooklyn last Thursday about 7pm
You were the big built muscular daddy, bald head, mustache and amazing muscles sitting opposite me. 
We kept making eye contact and you kind of smiled. I heard you say something to the guy next to you, and your deep voice made me melt.
I was wayyyy too nervous to smile back!
I'm the slim cute guy, 21, 5'4 opposite you.
Hoping you'll see this..... you seemed so cool. I keep thinking about those big, strong hands and forearms and what they can do :)    
Looking for the friend's
We meet years ago..you comes to my apt ( J train Lorimer  station ) Have good body touch...
we email later more than..
If you still want give a trying    
390 #4
Hey guy going on vacation Friday will miss watching you but still have tonight and Thursday 
Be well see you when I get back but still have two days    
SEEKING GARDENER
I was care taking my parents and you were a younger gardener that I met in their neighborhood. You were taking care of their lawn, we hit it off and you would come to visit me at my house. Miss our M/M time spent together.    
Foot fetish friendship!
I used to meet a lot of amazing women on here who would let me pay them to take photos and videos of their feet! If any one out there is interested in that, email me!    
To the blond lady in Nissan Rogue sport
I was driving next to you from Staten Island to Brooklyn and couldn't take my eyes of you. You have such a beautiful smile!    
Takehiro
We both live in Inwood. We got together a few times. Let's get together again.
M4m    
Just a lil fun
I have the place to my self for a few hours again by the mall    
haven't seen you lately
We were at the same place at the same time a few weeks ago, your were looking for a quick thrill and I was
just the s*cker to provide it. I've gone back a few times at the same time but I haven't had the same luck.
Let me hear from you if you happen to see this.    
Wall & Water
Near Pier 11. Would like to meet for lunch so we can feed each other. Big guy, VGL, 46. Latino    
You were walking your pooch on Jackson Ave. - 1/7/18
I was pulling into the parking lot.  I stopped to let you pass; partly out of courtesy, and partly by intrigue.    
(1) train. Jan 8th. 5pm
Hey,
I've never thought I would ever sign up for Craigslist to make a post under missed connections. But here it goes...
Before I waste anyone's time, we are both gay men around our 20s.
Yesterday, January 8th, 2019, I was in the (1) train heading downtown to Columbus Circle. 
Around 5pm, you entered the train from 66 Street/Lincoln Center with a baby carriage. 
While entering we made eye contact and couldn't stop looking at each other. 
We clearly wanted to exchange words, so I did. 
I asked and gestured if the brown-haired blue-eyed boy in the carriage was yours and you said "No, he's my nephew" with a smile.
With a burning desire to talk more to you, I then said "He's so cute" while thinking how cute you are too.
If you remember closely, I couldn't stop smiling and keeping eye contact with you.
I was struck by cupid like never before, and that's coming from someone who does not believe in love at first sight.
You are white male with brown hair and brown eyes. You had on a beige crochet jumper and vintage denim with a thin leopard print belt.
I am white male with brown hair and green eyes wearing black coat jacket and light-blue ripped denim jeans.
Thank you so much for actually responding to me in a very timely manner when I spoke to you on the train. 
I know you were interested too.
I have never regretted anything in my life as much as being stupid to wave goodbye while getting off the train instead of handing you my cellphone and getting your number. 
I am sincerely sorry!
I don't expect you to ever see this, but if you do by now you should know who this is.
I hope to find you someday on Tinder, and if and when I do, this post will be deleted.
By the way, I liked you even more knowing that you are the type of guy who cares for their nephew. 
Honestly, If that would have been your son, I would have still been interested and loved you both equally.
Take care and have a wonderful night, handsome!    
Too cold for ice cream!
This is my first ever missed connection post, I don't really know how to start, and you'll probably never see this...so... anyway...
You were crossing the street I noticed you tossed something in the trash, turns out it was the wrapper to your...Good Humor, strawberry shortcake?... ice cream haha. Yeah I peeped that lol.
I said "Damn, it's too cold for ice cream *smirk*" Although I don't think you heard me.
You did hear me say "Why did we just stand there, their was no cars! Haha, this poor girl just standing there with us." I know you heard because you turned around and smiled at me (the most gorgeous smile I've ever seen!)
I regret not saying anything to you... I'm a bit of a slouch when it comes to approaching beautiful woman.
This is long enough...Anyway I'm Anthony I wish I had your name, bet it's beautiful, considering you're probably never gonna see this, I want to guess... you looked Hispanic, maybe Puerto Rican, Isabel..? Idk.
In closing, if you're reading this and this isn't you or just reading these for fun (I know someone who does that) I hope you liked my little situation that led to nothing lol and that I cared about much more than this beautiful girl who I'll never see again haha. 
I hope everyone who does get this far has an amazing rest of the new year!!!    
cashier food dynasty 86th street
your the cute chick at the cashier at food dynasty on 86th st and 16th ave monday around 4pm i was the white guy at your register
i thought u were really hot
if your interested and u see this tell me what i forgot    
Miss your visits ....thick daddy misses his DL thug
you used come by often to visit and make a deposit, miss your visits, we lost touch, would love to reconnect. . .    
Me: Uber driver of a black Lincoln Town-car. You: Pretty girl
Hey there, maybe i should have taken a chance at asking for your number. I still drive in Westchester. You have such a beautiful smile. I cannot remember your name but maybe you remember mine. Just tell me where i picked you up so i know its really you! Maybe you can recall my name?    
Monday night, cute guy (dark hair & eyes) on the A train to brooklyn
I saw you on the subway around 7:30 on monday night.
It was the A train going to brooklyn.. it could have been the C, i can't remember.
I got on at fulton and i stood the whole time. You were sitting down.
We made eye contact but i got shy and looked away. You stayed on when I got off the train. I was kind of hoping you'd come with me so we could talk.
I'm a curvy girl / bbw / thick, whatever you want to call it.. im white with blue eyes.
if it's you tell me what stop i got off at and what color i was wearing.. or something else you remember.

M4M Downtown D train this morning
You were the cute guy with Sony headphones on downtown d this morning. I think you got on at Tremont, off at 34th st. 
You're Hispanic wearing a hoody. You stood in front of me at the door and we kept exchanging eye contact it was so cute when you would look away quickly. Would like to get to know you better. 
Hope you see this. Tell me what color or style coat I was wearing    
Girl on the 4 train reading "The Girl in the Spider's Web".
You got on at Brooklyn Bridge about 6:30pm and got off at Union Sq. I was the guy with the beanie, just in front of you We locked eyes briefly, I really think you are to die for. 
Would love to to get to know you. too bad your ride was so short I would of ask for your number.    
Former restaurant co-workers, West Chester
Hey, our eyes met as you were walking down Washington St and I was walking up this evening.  I blanked on your name and the passing happened in a blink. I think we used to work with each other at a restaurant/bar in West Chester many moons ago.  If you find this, message me with the name of the restaurant!    
G Ttrain- you were tall holding helmet, I was tall in pink hoodie
Say hi if you are interested, would love to meet you.
Please say what color the helmet was if u respond.

I asked you about your Book on the Russian Revolution
Someone posted about me on the train a couple weeks back so I thought I'd pay it forward.
You were reading a book on the Russian Revolution and had on a Manchester United red ballcap. I asked you about the book but had to get off the train at Franklin. 
Didn't notice your eyes until the very last moment.
I'd like to get a drink or just read together quietly.    
Airline pilot
Nov. 1 2018,
You picked up my suitcase and baby's shoe for me when it fell as we rode on passenger ferry vehicle inside airport. We had to change departure gates.    
Tall, black, and handsome
I know the title sounds cheesy, but that's how I would describe the millisecond of seeing you.  We walked by one another while crossing the street. I smiled at you but didn't look over my shoulder (in case you did- the street is a little uneven where I was walking). I would like to take you out for lunch or coffee. Could you describe me or what I wore?    
Sometimes you just get lucky
To all of you beautiful ladies out there
I see your wandering and penetrating eyes as you walk down the block ( while i'm driving up or visa versa)...as well as on many other occasions..
Last week when it was raining heavily, one of you almost got a ride...oh well..
say hi......you just never know..;.)

Missed Connection With Bush
I am old school and I really miss natural women who don't shave/wax. Any chicks outs there still rock a bush???    
forest ave M, 3ish pm, 01/08
you had a red puffy jacket and complimented my outfit (really one part)
you were femme, with an eyebrow piercing and i think nose piercing, too. the way we kept smiling at one another was very cute, even when you got off at lorimer and looked at me thru the window as the train left the station :^)
if you see this lets get a warm beverage and talk! you seem very nice.
tell me what you complimented on me when i got on to prove ur not a bot ;0)    
$100 reward southampton social club bra auction
2 years ago southampton social had a cancer benefit bra auction...there was a beautiful woman that kept looking at me and was standing behind me she was with 2 other friends...she ended up right beside me, i was with a date that night and being a gentleman i didnt try to get her name ..but i felt we had a connection...so any information i will happily give 100  she had dark blond hair white bell bottoms and turquoise earrings ..and any small chance she is reading this i was so flattered you showed interest in me an understand i wanted so bably to talk to you but i was with a date and didnt want to be rude..i have pics you kept jumping in the frame which was so awesome  now hopefully that is how i find you  not sure if i can post pics on this ad....so anyone reading this email me and i will send happy holidays everyone   all the best    
Tired of plain vanilla
We were both tired of plain vanilla at home and met occasionally during the day for some spicy fare.  I lost your email so thought I would try this.    
Tall white girl at jfk airport
You were the tall white girl waiting for her driver at terminal 1 
You are hot. A coffee?    
femme asian on subway
You were a quiet femme asian boy on the subway. Wanted to approach you but was nervous I would scare you. Suit and tie executive would like to find you. Even better if you like to dress completely.    
Construction Worker/Painter in New Rochelle
I was walking down North Avenue in New Rochelle and you and your co-worker were loading a truck with building materials. You used a hammer to shut the ladders closed. We made eye contact and you kept looking in my direction as I waited at the bus stop.    
missing my pen and paper; my typewriter
6398 commits in and i never complained once when u gave me the cold shoulder on those late nights
u taught me patience and u gave me words of wisdom from william zinsser and teddy roosevelt. u made me work for it to design and piece together curriculum with depth, dynamics, and tightness. u (along with craiglist and reddit) made me understand that ux and ui are not necessary for me to attach to a software
so here's one last hooray. u were <3 content studio
sonnybooboo    
Looking for David the phlebotomist
David, we only met the one time and we had a really good time we played and then we hung out naked and watched youtube videos on your iPad  I had never done that before and really enjoyed it. We said we'd get together again and chatted a few times afterward but lost touch I know u got a new phone so maybe the app went screwy and never exchanged numbers  I'd love to see u again and do what we planned to do.    
Yoga Pants
There is a reason why yoga pants are your primary wardrobe, they fit you perfectly.  We met before and you are married and bored.  Contact me again    
Guy smoking on steps on Leonard Street
I often see you standing on the steps of your building smoking and looking at your phone. You always seem to be in a state of arousal and it's most obvious when you have jogging pants on (like today). Curious if you are seeking attention or trying to grab a guys interest. Respond if interested in showing it off further to a guy into the same.    
we talked for hours at Cask
you randomly sat next to me (guy in hoodie) at Cask on Saturday, and then we talked for almost four hours. I had the burger, you had the mac and cheese. when we said bye I walked away without asking for your number or social media or anything. hopefully I don't have to regret that for the rest of my life! respond letting me know where your family is from originally.    
Looking for my friend with the yoga lants
You were a female in your late 20s and replied to my ad for my yoga pants fetish. I loved our sessions but then we lost contact. Looking to reconnect, if you see this tell me what we would do. If anyone else is interested females only fell free to reply    
That Grin!
How do you do it? How do you send such mixed confusing mindboggling signals?? Every time you come here I don't know whether to run toward you or run away from you. You freak me out with that ridiculous knowing grin. I hate you and love you all at once. And where did you get those eyes? Those eyes aren't human. You're Lucifer! Go away and never come here! :-) wtf!!?    
LOOKING FOR MARC
You're from BX, but we would meet at my place on the UES. I lived by the east river. You have blue eyes. You're about 5'8". Last time we were in contact, I told you I'd had a dream about you and I was pregnant with baby #2.
Just thinking about you, man. Write back!    
My friend the gentleman missed connec
You have been so sweet to me how could I resist you? You werent treating me like a piece  of meat and now unfortunately I have a crush on you. I saw a post up earlier that was taken down, and it was about treading dangerous waters. Could we work something out so we dont lose our friendship? Where are you right now? I miss you    
Bill looking for PR Miguel/Mike
Hey we met here a while back. You changed your phone number about time the personals went down.  I would like to see you again. My number is the same.    
M4M -1 Train.  Christoper St Exit.  You in black track pants.
Maybe a Home Depot bag?  Anyway, should have said hi.  You're sexy......    
M31 from 54St and 11th Ave - girl I said goodnight to
We both saw each other in M31, at around 8:30 and you were the only one in the bus. I thought there was a connection but I couldn't do anything; I asked the bus conductor if this was the right bus. You seemed in a hurry.
I have a beard, glasses and wore a navy top coat. I said goodnight before I got off. I hope we meet again.    
Where are you Ray
We have hooked up a few times in Tarrytown but havent been able to reach you . Did you lose your phone and change the number ? Please get in touch . Tell me what nationality you are so I am sure . Thanks B.    
Flight from ORD-EWR we connected but then I lost you when we arrived
We had a great conversation but then you got drunk and the plane took off. I was trying to read, but I liked talking to you. You kept borrowing my headphones. 
I would've been interested if you were more sober. I'm sad I didn't get your number but I hope you got home safely.    
Sitting in resturant
We r both frum we were sitting in a restaurant and staring at each other.    
G train. Fashions night out. 6 years ago
The ultimate missed connection. I was a college freshman on my way home from fashions night out. You pointed out that I shouldn't bite my nails and we had a nice chat on the g train. We got off on the same stop and exchanged numbers but we lost touch. I think about you sometimes. And wonder if there's a chance we can find each other again. 
I remember a lot of small details so if you send me a message you should tell me your name, what stop on the g train we got off of and what you were wearing that night. 

Manhattan bound N/W train in the morning
We haven't been on the same train for the past few weeks. Your name starts with the letter R and mine with an A. I work at a doctor's office and you work at a magazine. I complimented you on something, do you remember what it was? I am hoping we will bump into each other again soon or perhaps you will see this post. I had to take a shot just in case :-)    
Seeking Hot Blonde Clarinettist
I'm the large, bearded weirdo who is a spy for the North Korean government; you are the stunning, jade-eyed ice-queen who has stolen my heart.  I can only giggle and stare when you are near, because otherwise I will be sent to Camp 14.  But if you return my Finnish feelings, please bring THREE avocados next time!    
We met at a bar after you saw a U2 concert at MSG
This was a few years ago.  You are female and probably in your 40s, am I.  You went to a U2 concert with a couple that were friends of your and were having a night cap at the bar afterwords.  You worked in Finance for a hospital I think.  I was in Finance as well and was visiting from out of town.
We started talked and the couple you were with left and we hit it off. 
Would love to hear from you.  I am coming back to NYC in January.    
Your husband's name was Simon
We met through CL a year or two again.  You were a female that worked in HR.  You met me at my hotel while I was in NYC on business.  Since then, we have corresponded but not been able to meet because of conflicting schedules.
I am coming into town next week and would love to meet up.  I lost your email address.  Here's hoping you see this and respond.    
Stamford
We met a couple times, you were mwm and curious.  Let's connect again, lost your email.  Tell me something we would both know.    
Mammas empanadas
I was online to order empanadas around 4:30 am in mammas empanadas on 85th and northern blvd and you came in behind me, I told you lady's first. And you told me is fine because you called and ordered already. You had black patten leather pants you were driving. You had black hair you were Hispanic.We spoke a bit, and you told me you are from corona. I told you I sometimes call and order but since I was out I just came in the mammas empanadas. Then I said I live near.When you finished getting your order we gave each other a firm hand shake and you said nice to meet you.. I so wanted to go after you and get your number. I had braids and a cut on the sides. Hope you get this.    
looking to meet up with that dunker in Garvey park.
You are lean and about 6'3 we met last Sunday in the park.  if you see this hmu.    
Looking for George ???
We connected started texting you where 55+ my teacher type lost connection around 8 months ago I am 44 wm not Spanish,not to be confusing if this helps I was your student type not Shure about location any help suggestions or ideas would be appreciated or    
Looking to reconnect with my buddies
Looking to connect with my male friends the 8-10th while I'm in town. We can get together at my place. Hopefully you remember me. I'm the fun married guy in his early 50's. You were always at the top of your game when we get together.    
Latina w/ infectious smile - m4w
You: 20s-30s, cute Latina, always smiling, super sweet and kind.
Me: early 30s, White guy on business w/ short dark brown mohawk.
Would like to get to know you better while I'm still here...    
L Train Monday
We got onto the crowded L on Monday 1/21 around noon. You didn't notice me until you looked up from your phone and I hadn't noticed how handsome you are. You have blue eyes, long dirty blonde hair. 
We caught a couple of glances going into the city. I got off on 3rd Ave and wished I'd looked back. I have dark hair and a gold septum ring.    
Alitalia
We were on the same flight going from Rome to New York. I saw you the second you got on the flight and I couldn't take my eyes off you. It was like one of those cliche movie scenes with A George Michael song playing in the background. You sat down right next to me with an empty seat between us. You said hello to me with your piercing beautiful eyes and I was so lost for words. Throughout the 9 hour 10 minute on the flight, I kept stealing glances at you. You had half of your face covered with your black hoodie and I thought you were sleeping. I wanted to kiss your lips and cuddle up next to you. I was completely shocked when you turned your head to face me. You know I am into you and was staring at you the entire time. I was clueless. I finally had the courage to write a note down along with my number, but I didn't know how to slip it to you! I held it until the very last minute and still couldn't do it. And the worst thing was, when we landed and we were about to leave, I saw you looking everywhere for something. If I could go back in time in that moment, I would muster all my courage and just talk to you, I would slip you my number. And if you weren't interested, I could at least say I gave it my all. Now, I would never know! This might be a long shot, but if you're reading this out there, please get in touch with me! I would love to go out for coffee and more! Haha.    
I want ur sweaty gym sneakers
I'm looking for Dave, he lives Bridgeport, a muscular men wants to give me his used gym sneaker. If you see this ad please email me asap. I can give you a brand new steel toe boots for exchange.    
Looking to reconnect M2M
I seem to have lost contact with people I have met here. I live near Germantown Road and Sandpit in a private apartment. Contact me if you think we have met before.    
Bridges of Fairfield county
You were a lonely housewife and were reading the book in the park.  I struck up a conversation and we had an intense affair. I just read the book and thought you might like to discuss it again.    
Fun guy for Same -HJ/BJ- 1st timer
Looking to try HJ on you while Bj me- 1st time with M!
Hit me up-
Thanks    
Whose in a Danbury hotel
Who is in a hotel looking for some fun. M4M waiting to here from you    
saw u near central park recently (u are a bodybuilder)
saw u recently near central park..you walk near there often..seems like u are coming or going to the gym. im 5'6" 130 blond hair..into fitness and love your look. my name is debra    
I used to meet you for a drink - thirsty again
I used to meet you for a drink, I would like to have another drink. I miss the company, let's catch up!    
Looking for the asian trans girl from greenpoint
We chatted a few days ago and i cant stop thinking about it (I'm the wm). Would love to meetup. I have some ideas that might be fun;)
Tell me where / how we met so i know its you.    
I bet you never even read those books I bought you
Bet you dont even remember going to get them    
Mature male in search of same
Woke up very hungry, very much in need
Cannot seem to get enough
I know that you have something for me
Where have you been?...
Can we meet today?,,,,    
Oldr M looking fun cpl
We had a great time together. Miss you both. Any others looking for str eight fun? Msg me    
Brooklyn R train 59St
Hello this is a long shot but we started chatting waiting for R train yesturday at about 540PM we talked about our children and daycare stuff and how R train stinks!! I didnt notice a ring on finger so this is long shot!!    
Looking for Teresa the Nanny from SouthDakota
I meet you back in 1988 at CDs Bar in Norwalk. You were a Nanny in Stanford. My name is John I had an apartment on Main st. in Norwalk by Duchess Restaurant. I remember you were from South Dakota and your name was Teresa. Call me at three three 0 five seven three 5974

Ariel
I am looking for you.    
Halloween 2009, The Dark Room, Guy Dressed as one of The Three Amigos
There's a .001 in a million chance you'll ever see this. I feel crazy for even writing this post. 
It was Halloween 2009. We met at The Dark Room on the lower east side. You were dressed as one of the three amigos. I was Alice from Alice In Wonderland. I bet you money you'd never guess my name. 
We danced and you tried to kiss me. I told you I had a boyfriend and that things were rocky, but that I couldn't cheat. You gave me your number and said "If it doesn't work out with your boyfriend, give me a call."
I spent two more years in that relationship, which I came to eventually realize was an abusive one. 
Memories of you, of that night, have stayed with me all these years. What if you were the out I never took? What if you were my chance to escape, and I chose not to?
I get that a lot of people will say- "hey everything happens for a reason." Maybe we weren't met to meet again. Maybe you would have been a fling or another shitty guy who broke my heart. Maybe in the light of day, without costumes and liquor, we would have had a "what the hell was I thinking moment." 
But what if you were the choice I was supposed to make, and I made the wrong one? 
I guess I just need to know. I met tons of guys in NYC around this time, you're the only one who stayed in my mind. Maybe it has nothing to do with you, but with my own regrets. The romantic in me wants the cheesy rom-com ending though.

Hunts Point Train Station. Wish I didn't get off so soon at Longwood
Damn. I really wish I didn't have to take the 6 train back only one stop to Longwood Avenue. I was going to drop you my number but some old dude indirectly cock blocked you. LOL.
You were Hispanic, rose tattoo on neck (fn sexy) and another I couldn't quite make out... small black gauges in your ears, turquoise blue shoes and black pants and shirt. Longish hair
I hope you see this or we run into each other again. That was no consequence!  You had me smiling the whole walk home.
-Girl with the green hat who couldn't take her eyes off of you. ðŸ’—âœ”ðŸ’¯    
Reconnect walks on board walk
Looking to reconnect with middle age male. We met briefly walking on Staten Island board walk. I'm female and was wearing a pink sweater and you a light brown jacket. I would like to meet you again or other middle age male for walks etc there or elsewhere.    
Banya M4W
I did the scrub for your back, you said i did a good job. We talked and mentioned that we met before. Was interested in getting together.    
See you everywhere M4M
I see you on the street and the Q a lot. Tonight we sat across from each other on the B63 bus. Not sure what your deal is, but I think you're terribly cute. Hit me up if you want.    
The beautiful dark haired girl on the F train
Hey, you sat across from me going towards Manhattan. All though I noticed you, you didn't notice me. You have beautiful dark hair, fair/pale complexion, maybe in your 30's or late 20's. I'm guessing you're a creative or poetic person. It would be nice to connect with you.    
I thought you were smiling at my dog
Me- tall, female, gray hat walking down 39th- You- male, tall, dark jacket, black hat, dark hair with a very nice smile which I thought was directed at my dog (he is a cute dog). 20 min later, I saw you again on 39th just before 9th avenue- you were on your phone and smiled again. You kept turning around after you walked by while my dog lollygagged...forgive me, I'm slow on the pick up. When I turned around to find you, you were gone. Both of us were sad to have missed you. Wanna go for a walk?    
F34 looking for NYU M21 from Saturday
Long shot but dont have any other way to try, so here goes
Single, 34F from suburban NJ.  looking for the handsome, outgoing 21M from NYU from Saturday night.
was out with my girlfriends at PJ Clarke's in battery park saturday evening.  you chatted to me at the bar.  ran into each other later again at Blue Smoke, both stayed behind when our groups of friends left, one thing led to another etc etc
i would have called you next day but i dropped my phone in water on sunday and never backed up with your number saved.  please reach out if you see this, would like to re-connect    
Looking for weekend laundromat guy (M4M)
We bumped into each other outside the laundromat by 711. Both of us have a, you 40's, top, me 50's, oral bottom. Let's connect nearby.    
caucasian guy in gray slacks on f trai
you kept shuffling the change in your pockets as if you were trying to get my attention. I was focused on a reading  .. but from the corner of my eye, I knew you kept checking me out as you were simultaneously reading your newspaper lol.  Wished Ihad just got off the same stop as you ... please if you see this respond tell me what shoes I was wearing.. you got off bergen at approx 8pm    
To the guy who got called "disgusting" at NYSC...
You're not disgusting. You're beautiful. I'm sorry that other dude freaked out at you. What a bummer! He obviously has his own internalized thoughts and beliefs about male sexuality. 
I hope you were able to leave without being harassed. I tried to talk to him to calm him down. Sending you a supportive brotherly nuzzle and hug.

Indian woman at The Bean w/Snow White sticker on her MacBook/Oct
We sat together after you offered me a seat. At the time I was coming through a bad breakup. We talked and had a connection, however, I left without asking your name. You were kind and I wished I'd said more. Long-shot, but if you read this let's have another coffee.    
Eye Contact
We caught each other's eye at the jv mall. We started talking as our wifes were shoping and u gave me your number. Hit me up if u see this, or anyone else that may have an interest.    
Hedge Fund Person on A Train - 1/6 at 7:00 p.m.
You, a female in her 30s, were taking the A train from Penn Station to Tribeca on Sunday, 1/6, bringing things from LI home using overfilled backpack.   You noted that many hedge funds are not doing well this year.  Me:  a lawyer with gray hair.  Please contact me.    
Susan
I always check you out on the coach line. Your ass has  filled out nicely over time with the thickness. I would love to take you out sometime. Too bad you never notice me. Your glasses turn me on.    
Master here trying to reconnect with my sub
I am trying to reconnect with a white sub I met here a couple of years ago. I knew you by a couple of names. One starting with the letter A and the other S. You used to eat my ass, give me head and on occasion I would fuck you. We used to have food and drinks at your place. You would offer to do some chores for me or run errands. You lived in a building with a door man. I believe the 13th or 16th floor. My guess is by now you are in your late 30s. You were healthy, lived comfortably. This is a long shot but I would like to get in contact with you again. If you see this send me a reply.    
Fun Partner
I am Hundorian, Indian & Guyanese but look Hispanic, I have braids with a taper and medium beard, HAT: Dark & Light Grey winter hat. COAT: I will be wearing a smokey Grey bubble coat with a black scarf, blue denim jeans and black Nike sneakers w/ white checks, I will be traveling at 7pm, from (Manh) 116th 6 train trainstation towards the 4 or the 5 train from 125th to 14th street, then the 6 train Bleecker, to Catch the F from Bleecker to Carroll Street    
L rush hour
We were on the same L car at 6 tonight u were wearing a black jacket and a grey scarf and black bose headphones and u had short dark curly hair. And u wouldn't look at me but I kept looking at u and u never looked back and so I have to post this cause I got butterflies when I saw u I was wearing a big tan coat I got off before u    
looking for the lady lawyer that met me in my shop
long shot but it was years ago you were very active on cl we played in the  bathroom of my store.wondering if your still around    
Lady playing solitaire
You're pretty cool!
Maybe I'll see you again!    
You're that Widow...
whom, while out, I overheard mention to a girlfriend how lonely things had become. I am clean, mature, respectful, and WELL EQUIPPED enough, to alleviate those wants and needs, at the vey least for one cold night.    
Walking to the Bank
Hi M___, 
You asked if we had a moment -- and we did -- but I got freaked out and fumbled the chance. You walked into a bank in midtown, and I'm throwing a Hail Mary that you'll see this.    
Jo
If your out there get back to me. Like to do it again. M/m. Or anyone else    
Train Flirt
Not to sure if you were American or Foreign but I do know that you had blond hair lol, your eyes were glittering sexy everytime you kept looking at my crouch through my sweatpants, and then we caught eyes and you blushed your cherry cheeks bones away lol I was the Hundorian, Guyanese and Indian guy with a Grey sweatsuit with black lining on the side, I was biting my lips at you and I put my green tea bottle next to my crouch that made you jumped lol    
noticed my friend & i in laundromat then at the vet
was looking for you as I was picking up clothing You def should have asked for our number chatted about my cat Hoping you will see this You had black overcoat let's connect    
Nice legs
I was checking you out on E train from WTC. Skirt, legs, face, the whole package. Lady you are beautiful. I was sitting next to my African American friend. He thinks you were hot for me. I am for you . Please get back to me. Hope you see this. We were on the train about 2:30 ish give or take.    
Beautiful Frum Lady who forgot pocket book
Beautiful Frum Lady who forgot pocket book. I had admired you prior to your forgetting. Wish I could have opportunity to talk with you.    
Hey Drew
Hey Drew,  we hung out a few times and I have house alone today. Lost your number so if u see this get back to me.    
Sam?Hockey Chick off Bergen F stop
Came over with my pizza box. Had a nice moment with you and would be shocked if you read these.
We talked about girls a bit and how you play forward on the ice. I'd like to meet up! Would you?    
N train yesterday afternoon
You are tall (probably at least 6'3"), white, 20's or early 30's, and full, robust, dark, handsome beard. You got on a Ditmars bound N train at Queensboro Plaza a bit before 4p yesterday wearing a winter hat and jacket. We made eye contact when you entered. I was seated on the train. I'm also a white guy, late 30's, and wearing a winter hat, black leather jacket, blue & white scarf, jean, and brown leather shoes. You stood next to where I was sitting. We made eye contact and smiled at each other a couple times. Just before 4p I got out at 30th Avenue and you definitely noticed when I turned around to get a last look at you because when I did, you were still looking at me. You definitely hot bro. Totally masc here and would be up for grabbing a drink with you dude.    
Denis this is Sam
Lost your contact info months back-- lmk if you see this and would like to connect.    
Guy on F TRAIN
You hopped on 34th St. I was sitting directly across from you. Your are a handsome older man mostly black hair  your eyes are brown and THICK. you always wear dark colored work cargo pants possibly green, Black air max sneakers,black shoulder bag and black jacket on your Lapel you have a pin of a blue rifle and on the right side A black pin of the holy cross and your always listening to music with your BOSE ear buds. I have seen you a few times on the F TRAIN, some times you get off on DITMAS ave with different very pretty women, as a matter of fact I've seen you with quite a few women. one time I was stuck in traffic and I happen to look over and you were sitting on your stairs talking too a tall women. now I always pass by you home and sometimes I see you in your driveway playing with a cat, very cute.   WOW your HOT and no wedding ring that's a plus. I know one thing for sure no women could ever tie you down. lets have a drink or something. If this is you tell me what street you live on.    
.... aka Lily
The look of you dancing on the sand under my window in the early morning chill is how I found you. Beautiful in your carefree, embarrassed to find an audience. Your laugh, your smile, your humor, all woman and so damn smart. I miss you.
When last I saw you you were so sad. We danced a quiet dance with the stars and your tears. The closest we've ever been. Timing. Didn't imagine I wouldn't see you again. We are new friends but friends nonetheless I think. I would like to know you more. If you'll let me help you see your way out of silence, I've got some champagne. We can toast the heavens and dance again.

Gersi Restaurant
You were with a friend. I was with my dad. Let's get a drink?    
Where Buddhism Meets Neuroscience on the 6 train
You were reading "Where Buddhism Meets Neuroscience" this morning on the 6 train from Spring st. Tall beautiful brunette with you hair partly up.
I would've loved to have said hello, but it's the subway...    
1train 1/22 morning
1 train 1/22/ morning 
I was wearing red scarf & gold glasses
You were wearing gray
Felt like we couldn't get our eyes off each other 
Sucks I got off 109    
Q Train, Whistling Jazz Near 7 PM Saturday Night (1/19)
We briefly met eyes several times on the northbound Q Train - you a petite female with glasses, looking through and annotating  a book of musical scores (I think) - me a "young" male in my early 60's with salt and pepper hair and a mustache (I'm bad at guessing ages but you are considerably younger); I was wearing a parka and whistling jazz. Out of politeness I was conscious of not making my interest seem intrusive to you during the ride (I'm not certain what stop you got on at) but I'm kicking myself because as you got ready to leave between the 7th Avenue and Atlantic Avenue/Metrotech Center stations in Brooklyn, where you got off, you started  to whistle along with me and seemed to be looking at me through the corner of your eye. I watched you exit the train still whistling and was in a quandary as to whether I should be risque and just run off the train and invite you for coffee, but the doors closed too fast and the train continued on its way. If you still believe in magic and read this and would like to have that coffee with me and be friends please respond to this post as soon as possible and I will joyfully do the same to yours!! :-) :-) :-)  
To "Lemon Water": Thank you for your long message. I'm very sorry for your pain but have no idea who you are nor do I understand your referrences, or what anything has to do with my post. Blessings.    
F train to Jay St.
Hi,
You were wearing a VOX Media hat recording the guy next to you eating Chobani Yogurt and made me laugh.  What color boots were you wearing?  You are really cute.
Goatie    
Looking For That Sexy BBW
I would like to have a good time with a thick and sexy female. Looking to enjoy the curves, conversation, and company of a woman. I'm 6'4", black, 37, and college educated. Call or text L.J. at Three Four Seven-Three Four Four-Zero Seven Five Four.

Barefoot girl with dirty feet
Seeking the girl who had dirty bare feet from walking on her rooftop the last time I was in town.    
We met last Sunday & you left Monday Morning...
B from Massachusetts,
We met because of Garlic Knots in Brooklyn. We ended up in Queens.
I told you I never do this, which is why I didn't confirm that you put my number down right as you got in the cab. Thought you might look back at my Facebook page and get in touch.
It was a great time... I would have loved to stay in touch this past week.
Looking for you...
-C (from Queens, ATM)    
Met You At Rooftop Lounge At 230 Fifth Ave.
On Friday, Jan. 18 you were at the Rooftop Lounge on 230 Fifth Ave. You were a tall lady on your way out. I am a man who was speaking to a woman. You stopped to say good-bye to this woman and was apologetic for interrupting the conversation.  I never had the opportunity to talk with you but I really liked your energy. It would be great if you would contact me.    
Looking for TJ
Hi - I am looking for TJ.   My cute, petite, female African American friend.   We met years ago at my village apartment...then visited me at my office and last time I saw you are your place.   We helped each other out.  Let me know how you are.   m4f, m4w    
Eye Contact
We caught each other's eye at the jv mall. We started talking as our wifes were shoping and u gave me your number. Hit me up if u see this, or anyone else that may have an interest.    
female searching for the hot starbucks guy
i often see you at starbucks during the morning rush hour at 80 pine street and we always lock eyes but I could never conjure up the confidence to approach you first. Think i mightve heard the barista call you chad but youre around 6'3 with soft intelligent green eyes and dark brown hair and milky skin. Usually wearing a navy suit. From the looks of it... youre unmarried and in your late 30s. I'm in my early 20s.. maybe you havent approached me because i look much younger. At my desk, I imagine all sorts of crazy things like you having my future kids. so cheesy but i cant stop thinking about you. We work in the same building and sometimes we get in on the same elevator. If you find this, please tell me what floor you get off :)

gorgeous guy held the door for me
Was a little tired long day had on blue coat You seemed nice Never done this before Want to get in touch we smiled at each other    
CD/Trans
Mature, nice down to earth guy looking for his CD/Trans friend. Shoot me a note if it's you! Thanks in advance.    
Valley Stream LIRR station: blonde girl
Hi.
 We looked each other for a while. You smile at me and the LIRR Valley Stream arrived. 
Hope you can email me back
Javier    
I thought you were staring at me...were you?
You were with 2 girls and a guy at The Big Whisky to watch the football game sitting all the way in the back. When my family and I entered and stood behind your group, you commented on how big a pile our coats made. I felt you staring at me the rest of the night but you never said anything. Were you or was I dreaming?    
As the Guggenheim was closing on Monday..
We were both viewing the work of Hilma af Klint, making our way up the spiral of her life's final work. I rushed back down to get a catalog before the shop closed. I noticed you once more on my way out, standing by the exit. I should have just asked - what did you think of the exhibition and particularly the "Alterpieces"?    
Dani, bacon carcinogen
You were in front of me in line, I dissuaded you from getting bacon accidentally, your card declined so you were on the phone when I left. You seem cool and I forgot how impossible it is to run into someone accidentally in nyc.    
Really
Really have been thinking about you a lot lately
Really miss the connection
Really sorry    
Gratitude Community
I was reading some of these Missed Connections, and wanted to share a group that promotes connections. It seemed like a good fit.
I run a group called "Gratitude Slam". No cost. It's just a community that is dedicated to "Loving your life more".
Do a search on Facebook for "GRATITUDE SLAM".
- Michael    
Jacqueline the flight attendant
LGA airport on Monday night, would like to rehash our Uber experience.    
M4W Friends amigos con derechos
Looking to make a friends I'm male Spanish  piel canela quiero conocer  amigas coquetonas y juguetonas atrevidas extrovertidas locas to have fun 

Who you are not:  EZ  =  Who this is from:  PMJ
With the cold that swept in I bundled up and braved the elements as the Sun shone brightly today and in winters like these the Rays mean life no matter such bitingly clear air and slickened roads and as I saw her resting on the couch just now with lavendar and white embroidered blanket upon 15-year old dirty suede another frayed blanket of sea horses shells waves crabs and lighthouses I knew Rasa doesn't have many years left after todays walk, if years are left at all and that made me think back to Madison and how the ole blubber butt Miss Chubbers, my Maddy might outlive her sis, 13-years to 12, though ti was August '15 when Madisonia Harmonia crossed over and thinking how Rasa limps on the hind quarter now and her front shoulder is swollen and the difficulty she has moving as she once did, frolickin free and scimper scamperin away faster than any around could catch her and now old age has set in though she still smiles and grins and there isnt any way I could take that away but it is not mine to take though it is going slowly yet painfully obviously day by day and it has me thinking how i would say to you to please take care and be sure your footing is sure and your warmth secure, wear layers, bundle up, brave the cold but be sure you fight off the old.   
youtu.be/m3lF2qEA2cw
all that is truly loved is never truly lost, tears though there be, which got me remembering how casually discardant the tonal of this day is, how easy to easily it is to obliterate another, flick, with the flip of a switch, a change of the channel, another reality appears as if on speed dial, magic in the modern era.
that casual obliteration our species discards in today buries more than any dirge could do true justice.

re If you only knew sir
Not worth biting the bullet huh?!    
M for F / L train to A train connection in the cold
I almost asked whether I knew you, because you looked at me as though that might be true. You: strawberry blonde, ski hat, clear frames, petite, look like a normal person. Me: white guy, 40's, furry Eastern European hat, black coat, medium height, dark mustache, white beard. I got out at 34th st, you stayed on. Seemed like there was a connection of some kind, not sure what. Wanna have a coffee and find out?    
Gorgeous guy on C train
You had on blue jeans with jean patches on the knee. Winter hat. Brown boots. I had a fur trimmed hat on. We smiled at each other right before I got off at 23 Street. Wish we had talked.

Saw you on downtown F train around 23rd St. (Jan. 21)
I've never done this before but figured I would give it a shot- I saw you today on the F train around 2:00 at 23rd St. When I got on, there was a woman screaming which is when we first kind of noticed each other. My friend and I ended up switching cars and a few minutes later you switched into the same car. The minute you did, another homeless man walked on. I think you got off at Broadway Lafayette and for a split second considered running out to give you my number haha but obviously didn't. So just thought I would try this out in the off chance you see this and reply!    
Saw you on the N train at night m4m
Saw you on the N train heading to Astoria at night, you look like you were going home after work. We looked at each other for a while but my station came too soon to talk. Would like to connect somehow.

held the door at 59th on the A at around 5:30, you got off at 168th
I was a little scruffy,  long black coat, cashmere sweater and oxfords. I've never done this before, but you seemed nice. If you want to get in touch, describe yourself.    
Looking for Walter
Hi I'm looking for a mature gentleman named Walter. If you are Walter please reply. I'm the indian guy and we talked about meeting and more. Please reply thanks.    
sitting alone in fanelli's café
you: tall, brown hair, wearing a ring, sitting alone in fanelli's café. we made eye contact a few times and i wanted to say hi but you had headphones in. you left and i followed - i turned around and you were standing right there then walked past me. i sat back down then ran after you again, but you had disappeared. i wish i said something! if it was you, tell me what color your journal is and what color my coat is. 
p.s. i wasn't with a boyfriend - he's gay    
LGA
We locked eyes in the men's restroom near baggage claim at LGA... You seemed interested... You left before me, but we kept cruising each other and staring while waiting on our Ubers. 
I would love to meet up one day... Let me know what terminal and airline we were at so I know it's really you... I know this is a long shot, but I'll stay optimistic!
You were maybe Latino male, masculine, with a hoodie, sweats and hat on... Me, black male with dreadlocks...

F4M Long shot at you seeing this
i often see you at starbucks during the morning rush hour at 80 pine street and we always lock eyes but I could never conjure up the confidence to approach you first.  Think i mightve heard the barista call you chad but youre  around 6'3 with soft intelligent green eyes and dark brown hair and milky skin. Usually wearing a navy suit.  From the looks of it... youre unmarried and in your late 30s. I'm in my early 20s.. maybe you havent approached me because i look much younger.  At my desk, I imagine all sorts of crazy things like you having my future kids.  so cheesy but i cant stop thinking about you. We work in the same building and sometimes we get in on the same elevator.  If you find this, please tell me what floor you get off :)

Mr. Felton
Attention, Mr. Felton (J. Felton or Y. Felton, whichever you are using now):
STOP giving your old number out. I have had this number for TEN YEARS and I still get calls for you. I will start hurting your reputation if I do not see a change in the frequency with which your name is presented on the phone. I know you are still putting this number down as your own when you sign up for things. STOP IMMEDIATELY.    
attractive blonde at the bar 1/20/18
You were on a date  (guessing) , I was on a date Sunday late afternoon. We looked at each other several times but there wasn't an opening to hello. Me 50ish . Let me know where at the bar we were sitting. M4W    
Washington Sq. Park Circa '85 -'88
Looking to start a community Forum with all the young kids that used to hang out in the park back in 1985 through the early 90s. That was a Golden Era of the '80s for us. I was there...with all the graff artists all the downtown kids, the Brooklyn kids & the uptown Manhattan/Bronx kids... we all converged on Washington Square Park. I've been reminiscing lately...I know we're all probably in our 40s early 50s...but there's a lot of memories & stories to share. Give me shout...I can recall most of the crowd...remember the original Tunnel with the rail tracks was the spot. Save the robots, The World, Sticky Mike's. Frankie Soul Food etc... If anyone knows of a group forum/chat that already exist, let me know...Thanks!    
Equinox Wall Today
Saw you in the locker room as you were giving advice to someone about cycling pathways etc. as his heart rate "wasn't high enough". You're very handsome and if there were less people I would have said hi. Give me a shout if interested.    
Where is my foot rub buddy ?M4M
you came over a few times , i gave you orgasmic foot rubs ,we had a glorious time , i lost your email address , please get in touch if you see this.    
we traded dollar bills in the laundromat (f4m)
I was fighting with the coin machine in the laundromat when you offered to switch bills with me. Thanks again, the coin gods seemed much more pleased with your offering than mine. You took me by surprise because I wasn't exactly dressed or made up for the occasion or expecting to bump heads with someone so good-looking while doing my Sunday laundry. Whoops.
I wanted to speak to you but after some moments I looked up from the book I was engrossed in and realized you'd left- too bad!
I'm sure this is a long-shot but if it's indeed you and you'd like to grab coffee or shoot the shit sometime, tell me what I looked like or what street the laundromat was located off of?

Saw You At Flushing Golf Course 4M4
Saw you teeing at Flushing, wanted to talk to you but I was with friends, would like to connect, I have a thing for golfers.    
I want to know you better
Hi,
We work at the same building and today we spoke briefly and you offered me coffee for the first time..i have to confess I always was impressed by you and today looking at you closer you're much better and sexier than I thought.
You're just the way i like it and I would love to know you better..i should asked your name..tell me who drove you to work today and i will know it's you.Take care    
Saw You At The JETS Game m4m
Saw you at the JETS game the other day, wanted to talk to you but we were both with friends, would like to connect, you look good in green    
U were that lonely CD that needed to be Stretched O-U-T
you can over & dressed up but didnt need to put any makeUp
as you had naturally fem body.
I live alone & very Verbal Masc Top that was happy to be treating you like a True Queen    
Black Balls at ps1
We giggled in the black balls room at ps1 and kept bumping into each other. You cute as heck.    
Someone I used to know in Rego Park
lost connection with my Filipino therapist- your name is ALAN. 
you live off Woodhaven blvd. im the tall, shy doctor.
its been a while.
Thanks    
WHERE ARE YOU
Please help me find Cesar I'm searching for him He's about 5'8" mostly black hair brown eyes olive skin and he lives in Brooklyn and works in a hotel on w33st Midtown west (NYC). He wears knee braces from an accident he had years ago. We had a Extremely Fantastic Evening he is very Sensuality and knows how to treat a women.  I was hoping to see him before I left town. He told me if I don't call him he will understand. I kick myself for losing his #. If I don't ever see him again i'll always remember that wonderful evening.I'm sure i'll never have another experience like the one we shared.    
PLAISIRS SENSUELS D'AMOUR
J'ai envie de toi, j'ai envie de sucer tes seins, lécher ta chatte et the baiser sans fin....contacte-moi tout de suite    
Park Slope on 7th avenue (m4w)
I saw you walking on 7th avenue, tall, slim, dark hair, 30's.
Me - 40's, 6' tall, White, European, fit, Wall st professional.    
Looking for Mark from Maine
We started talking on OKCupid. We were supposed to have a date but I our convo disappeared. I still want to meet you!    
Tammy
We both worked for nymc. I drove the bus,and we had an amazing connection. I had to leave abruptly but you've never been off my mind.    
Bill looking for PR Mike/Miguel
We met here a while back.  I asked you not to call me because I have no privacy.  Your number changed about the time the CL personals went down.  I miss seeing you. My phone number has not changed but my situation has.  Call me anytime or respond here.  I will take care of you.    
Bar near washington square park
We met at bar near Washington square park, and went home together. Next day I found out you were seeing someone and didn't want any drama so I didn't answer when you called. Thinking maybe I should have answered. You're a white female im guessing late 20's to mid thirties, I was the buff guy you kept tellingme how you love my hair. If this rings a bell message me would love to give it another go.    
You were at the bar with me.
I have a huge crush on you. I cant take it. I know you complimented me last night. I feel like in the back of your mind, you think you should be careful, while like me, you enjoy a little danger.  Im a little afraid myself of trying something with you, anything scares me but I want it. I cant help it. You were so sweet and classy that you have made yourself irresistible. I told you you can text anytime. I will never have the nerve to tell you what i think, and what i daydream. it was nice how you left me, but youre too sweet.  Hope we wont be a missed connection.  I dont want to lose you. I also want you, just for a moment in time. I long to be alone with you for just a while. I promise you wouldnt forget me.    
White guy
I had an amazing time hanging with you all those days ago.  You are an awesome dude.  Hope to see you again one day!    
So cute
I saw you working behind the counter I left my name on a dollar bill in your tip jar haven't stop thinking about you since I saw you. If you remember the name email me.    
miss your visits remember the times
uptown train this morning you had gym bag as did I you looked hot and sweaty kept looking at my long hair and heels    
welcome
Where are you Ann?    
At the Funeral Today...
...I sat across from you. 
I tried not to look at you. I tried, oh so hard, to keep my eyes off of you. I thought if I looked at you something would jump from you to me and I would be lost. 
Of course, it was futile. I knew I couldn't, that I wouldn't, be strong enough not to eventually let my eyes fall upon you. I knew, know, that I am weak. At least where you are concerned. 
So, I let my gaze move to you. You are so beautiful. I have always thought so. I have always adored you. Have always been your fool. 
Looking at you, I remembered the first time I saw you. All those years ago. I remembered every time we were together. Every time you trembled. You screamed. Every tiny rive of blood that came from our skin. 
I let my eyes study your face and reflect those past days and nights. I stared at your face until I finally found the courage and strength to force them from it. I willed them away. They moved down to your neck. 
At that moment I realized, hypnotized by the beautiful skin on your neck, that I wanted to plunge my teeth into it. That I wanted to penetrate you and suck your fluids from your body. 
I blinked, and it hit me, that was exactly what you had done to me. Sucked the life out of me and my soul. That there was nothing good left. Only something dried, crusted, and dead remained. 
You took a breath and your chest moved. The movement broke the trance. It wasn't really the movement but the realization that something wasn't moving below. 
It was the still body lying between us. Your chest was moving and the body, flat on it's back, was not. It wasn't moving at all. It was cold. 
Thinking of the body, and then again of all those times with you, I felt sick. I wanted to throw up. Part of me even wanted to throw up on you. I have spilled just about every other fluid on you, why not that?
Dead now, somebody who used to be my friend. You two were supposed to be together, always, and forever. But you came between us litereally. You put yourself between us. Your body between ours. 
The movement of your next breath, and the stillness of that body. It flashed through my mind that you two should always be together. It flashed into me, that I wanted to jump up, grab you by force, once again rip off your clothes, and then throw you on top of the body of my old friend. 
Then, with you on the body, fuck you until you two were together again. Together forever. Fuck you dead. 
At the funeral today, I saw you. Thought of us. Thought of you. Thought of the two of you. 
I got up, eveybody fixed their eyes on me. The man stopped speaking. I looked at none of them. I didn't look at you. I dare not try. With a hundred eyes on me, I only looked at the body one more time. 
One last glance, then out I went. Out to a chorus of gasps. The sickening whispers. The weight of what we had done, and all those nauseating eyes on me. As I put my hand on the wood of the door, I almost turned back. But steeled myself and went out. 
At the funeral today, just outside the door, with the thought of you knifing my brain, I threw up in the archway. The last emotion you will ever wrench out of me. 
At the funeral today, I sat across from you for the last time. Rest in peace.    
Blink on Flatbush
I was in the black hat and black nike pullover. We switched out on the dip machine. I'm pretty sure you smiled at me as you left. Would love to meet up for coffee or a drink sometime.    
Miss your visits ....thick daddy misses his DL thug
you used to come by often, to visit and make a deposit, miss your visits , we lost touch... would love to reconnect    
beautiful tall black server at Norman
you were serving wednesday 1/16 at Norman. you were beautiful, tall and black. i'm sorry i didn't get a chance to ask you out ... can we connect ?    
That thick bike guy
looking trying to touch base, with that thick muscular bike stud on, Corsa  and Burke.    
Quiznos Arcade
Your opener was how a sandwich could fit in my bag.    
A queen on her throne
Just a brother who saw you on the E-train on Archer Ave going to Manhattan.  A thick bbw who looked like she wanted to use me for her seat----I don't mind.

You work on the 28th fl
We occasionally cross paths in the lobby at 1700 Broadway. You're so handsome and get me all tingly when you look at me. We've never spoken to each other but I would like to meet for coffee or lunch one day. I wish I could actually speak when I see you but I get so shy.    
Oldr M looking fun cpl
We had a great time together. Miss you both. Any others looking for str eight fun? Msg me    
Classon Ave
Cutest girl on the G train, got off at Classon after catching me looking about 15 times. Big Fresh Direct bag, Vans and Adidas has pants. Hello 12 hours too late.    
Saturday morning waiting for esthetician
We chatted briefly and I'm sorry I didn't ask for your name or number!    
BBW
You posted looking for men to perform oral on, but when I went back to respond, the post was gone. get back to me. John. BTW, you were hosting.    
Thursday morning getting of the uptown N/R train at 23rd street
We were both getting off the train at 23rd street. I caught her before she got on the train, and you picked it up.
That was teamwork.
What did you pick up?    
Friday evening L Train - You nearly fell over, but i caught you
Friday evening L Train - You nearly fell over, but i caught you. 
What did you say to me, and what did I say to you. 
I wanted to say more...    
Lady in Pink
Saw you again working out, you are smoken HOT .would love to take you out!    
west side market candy savior
You got candy for me and my friend because we couldn't reach it. I need to repay you!    
PLAISIRS D'AMOUR
J'ai envie de toi, j'ai envie de sucer tes seins, lécher ta chatte et the baiser sans fin....contacte-moi tout de suite    
key food East village
any other guys in East village up for WS    
Alamo Drafthouse Bar
You were with a couple friends tonight at a table in the bar at Alamo. And you know who I am.    
do or dive on friday night
you and i had a nice little makeout together in the bar and then I left without saying goodbye.  
you asian and wearing a black shirt me wearing a blue shirt black jeans and a beard.  i'd love to see you again.    
Williams Sonoma cashier
We made eye contact several times. I would have said something but you were busy. Interested in meeting for coffee or a drink?    
m4f A train 168st, You were blonde with glasses reading a book
I was a guy, glasses, stubble, black coat with a white dress shirt underneath.
Was there a connection or did I misread?    
Milly at Crossroads f4f
If I didn't want to continue shopping at that store, I might ask you out for a drink.  Always thought you were cute, but today I was like, damn.
Maybe when you stop working there? Until then, I'll just enjoy our (maybe one-sided!) flirty eye contact :)

Takehiro
We both live in Inwood. We got together a few times. Let's get together again.
M4m    
Beautiful brunette at shop rite
Hey hope you see this I saw you at shop right in Ronkonkoma you were driving a bug with fresh logo  on side of car.
I would love to take you to dinner if you see this. 
You pulled away before I got chance to say anything.    
Saturday near Clarmont Pk-Str8 DR/PR/Blk/Mix ask4 Directions to CD4DL
You Are Straight Dominicano/Rican/Blk or Mix, looking for Directions to BottomCrossDressr4M hosting in Area. 
Only If you in the area and can meet now without game, respond with your age, height, weight and nationality. I will then give you location info details    
You Heard Me Fart...
Yesterday was the most embarrassing day of my life..
I'm still so ashamed..
I had no idea that you were at your desk when I unleashed a nastyTaco Bell fart that I was fighting back all morning.
I just couldn't keep that dirty old man in my stomach any longer.
And to make matters worse, I yelled out " Yea Baby! "
When I passed your cubicle and saw you sitting there, I died a thousand deaths.
But you just kept reading...
How considerate...
I always thought that you have the most beautiful eyes that I have ever seen. And I often think about asking you out for dinner and holding your hand.
But that will never happen now.
Why would you go out with a Frankenstein like me??
A laughing creature who thinks that everything is a joke.
I went to see you yesterday but they said that you called out.
I hope you are well.
FL    
SEEKING GARDENER
I was care taking my parents and you were a younger gardener that I met in their neighborhood. You were taking care of their lawn, we hit it off and you would come to visit me at my house. Miss our M/M time spent together.    
Looking for these two
Looking for Victoria Moran....Nicole...    
Losing myself in you
I lost myself when I met you 
and continued to lose myself over the years. 
Regardless I'm still lost 
with or without you
Come find me    
North Arlington Car Talks
Hello. We used to get together after work and go for rides in my truck. You would speak into my mic and I would help you out. My dear female friend, I miss our conversations. If you are still out there please reach out to me.

Every now and again
You hear a piece of music that touches your soul...forever youtu.be/R1isFKw-5KY    
looking for Dick in Astoria
We met at Bareburger on 31 Ave but you were with a girl and really nervous. Would like to see you. M4M.    
Pilates instructor wanted a cappuccino
You were dressed in your favorite color but said you liked green instead. I thought you had the most beautiful eyes at the beginning of our conversation, the sun was shining on them.
I usually ask to connect as people leave the cafe but I had to keep speaking to my cofounder. If I see you around I'll definitely say hey and ask to connect.
 If you see this tell me what I looked like and what type of song you were writing.    
B26, you went into dollar tree, i waited
I was the driver, told you 5 minutes.  And I waited for you.  You got off at malcolm X.  You looked back.  This was on wednesday 1/16..    
Sent To Me:  8:21 (8Min21S) Audience
I once had a drink with the Lady Jessica at Madisons and she said to me, whatever will you do, inferred was you, but what could I do knowing not who you happened to recoup into couperi start a path that bloomed the part and i knew then as i said to Lady Jessica that day, what am I going to do with a 23-year old?  What could I say?  how is there in any way I could know realité, so I left that day and adding 6 the age became one minus trix and yet still today I wonder, where are you, who are you, why oh why can I never forget you, I knew then I'm it, and had no hit, I had to stop, its time to quit, but that's pain, the verdict that came down that day, is that there isn't any way, not ever even not today; and that's pain, you're telling me that I'm insane, the judgment that came forth today, is that there isn't any way... that I could know realité, and that's pain, the death in which no doctor came, you're telling me that what I got it hurts, and that there isn't any words, cuz I'm insane, and thats the pain, thats what youre saying, that I'm insane, the death in which no doctor cures, you're saying i aint got no verse, there isnt any play so terse cuz what I got it really hurts, and thats lame, no schadenfreude has ever came or gave unto you raptured fame that saved the service to the énd and thats the way, that I'm insane. 
pain!
the word that we left lingeréng
a word that gots me fingeréng
the words that came to me in réign
that Im'insane
That's
Pain!
The verdict that you're giving me today
Is not that I'm a hopeless feloné
rather that you'd rather be away
from my insane!
I say, is there really isnt any way
not even in never realité
that there could ever be a way
I'm not insane
would you,
would you ever say to me if you
could call forth a witness for the truth 
that you would relieve the jury too
       >   >     >  >
cuz I'm insane 
could you,
could you ever do what you could do
should you ever say unto the room
that I am insane bcuz of you
say Im not sane~ bcuz its true
yeah Im not sane, so how bout you
instead, say what's in your heart whats in your head,
say to me and all agén, that are gathered here today
that I''m insane!
do you, ever whochie woochie who
could you coochie coochie coo
were you ku shu ku chu chute
driving by we shoot
that film, that never in realité
could you ever say to mé
that there's ever any way
I could be sane.
if you 
could would you sing 
If I Could?
I know I never nor I should
or ever would your will you would
out in the woods
starlight our hoods.

Killarney Rose on Friday Night
You are the incredibly beautiful and sexy woman who was at the bar just before closing. You were wearing a black Islanders sweatshirt and multicolored tights. You had dark brown hair, a cute smile, and looked like you would be really fun to talk to. You looked fantastic! I would have bought you a drink but you were buying drinks and counseling another guy about marriage and I didn't want to interrupt. If you see this now (by any chance) I'd love to take you for a drink and flirting right now and let's see what happens. But if not now, let's meet up soon.    
M4W any lady wanna come over?
Any lady wants to come over? Make out? Cuddle?    
7C-Jetblue-Cancun-to-JFK-Libra
Tulum buddy! I never got to say goodbye at customs.. You were cool :')

Whole Foods
We made eyes in the produce section. You had on a white sweater.    
met on the N train to atlantic ave (W4W)
we both chatted with a woman who was trying to get to port authority. I commented she should think about dating women after she complained about her husband. You chuckled (I think?). Tell me more about our convo & let's say hi.    
Dog walking in Astoria (M4F)
Was walking my dog on 37th near 30th ave, on 1/18 around 4pm and you briefly stopped to say "hi, have a good evening". Been thinking about you since. Please reply with the color of my dog's jacket.    
L train 2:00pm- guy with white converse (1/18)
I got on the L train at 14th and 1st Avenue and got off at the next stop, Bedford Ave/North 7th Street, but you stayed on. We made eye contact a few times and then you closed your eyes as if to shut out the commotion around you. You were wearing high-top white converse and had a camera around your neck. You're eyes had a kindness to them that I can't stop thinking about.    
You were the cute guy at Barnes & Noble
NOTE: I am a CD.
The other night I was at Barnes & Noble wearing my red dress, I was reading, working, etc..
You were the nerdy guy there, reading and working too. Maybe studying.
We didn't talk, but we exchanged a few glances.
I am going to go there now and I will be there for a couple of hours.  
Meet you there? Come and talk to me this time.    
D/B Train Eye Flirting on Friday Jan 18th
I'm looking for the gorgeous blonde lady that had her hair in a pigtail braid on the D/B train at ~8:15am on Friday, January 18th. I got on at W 4th St, walked towards you at the Bryant Park stop where our eyes locked for a fleeting moment. We both exited the train at Rockefeller Center and our eyes met again atop the stairs. I was still thinking of what to say to you when you jogged up at stairs and swiped into the elevator bank at 1270 Avenue of the Americas. My morning was crushed. I'm the guy that was in a suit and rain jacket, and really hope you find this...    
I am so sorry...
Please know that it is from my heart that I love you and adore you.
I'm forever in love with you.  It was never a game.  
But without words, how can one let the other know how much one needs the other in one's life?
Blue light by the shore...I will always remember you.

Green Acres Parking
Man + Man helping hand.    
Today- General Store Deli Newtown
Before noon I saw a GL man waiting at the deli. You were tall, bald, buzzed on the sides wearing a dark jacket with tan pants. We glanced at each other twice. I'm a guy- Describe what I looked like- If interested, maybe we can meet for coffee or a beer.    
Sofia Wine Bar NYC
You were the gorgeous brunette sitting in the corner against the wall having a glass of wine. I came with my friend and we squeezed into the middle table next to you and exchanged smiles. Sitting across from you I could not help but constantly steal glances - your smile, your beauty, your eyes, and your grace struck me. In the extremely rare chance you see this I would love to meet you.    
Curvy ebony Dunkin donuts
Curvy full figured ebony lady on line . I wanted to pay for your breakfast and more. Me blue eyes Italian.    
Large Tattoo On Back - Phenomenal Looking Lady
THURSDAY, JUNE 28, 2018, SMITHHAVEN MALL. There was a beautiful woman with a large "tree" tattoo on her back, great shape, electrifying eyes... I approached her to tell her she looked "phenomenal." She replied: "you are so sweet." If you are or know this woman, please respond to me. I would very much like to meet you/her. Thank you.    
Delta Pilot at JFK T4
I've seen you before.  You must fly out of JFK often.  We have made eye contact a few times.  You always smile.  Today I saw you in the restroom. I stood next to you at the urinal.  We spent longer than usual standing there.  Your arm movement indicated you were doing more than peeing.  We zipped up together and you made sure that I noticed your semi aroused cock.  Again you smiled and this time a wink.    
Looking for the CD i met on here a few months back
its the latin guy we got together at my job luv to see you again sexy blonde latina    
Blonde at Clark St Station on Wednesday
You checked me out 4 times in the span of 90 seconds as we rode the elevator up and walked out to the street.  I was in all black.  Get at me.    
Lunch pasta
Sorry I missed you today at lunch. I do like your hair up as well.    
Missed connection? Uhhhhm...
Where are you?? I'm so profoundly depressed, almost debilitatingly so, but it helps with my creativity and I've ironically been writing the best music of my life because of it. But when was I not so sad? Is that a time that ever existed? Or some kind of phantom memory that I think happened, just can't recall? Will I get a chance at love? Will I ever find you? I'm terrified by the thought of me passing you on the streets every day of our lives in this city of 9 million people, not even knowing that we're meant to be together. Talk about a fucking missed connection. Why am I writing on Craigslist I don't do shit like this. I'll try to be introspective. I guess it's because I want some girl to message me so I have someone to talk to. I haven't been in NYC long, and I don't have any friends. It hurts to be lonely. My 27th birthday was recent and some good friends back from my hometown in Savannah acknowledged me on Facebook and said they loved and missed me but that was the climax of my birthday. I just want to be with you though. Whoever you are. Just want to talk to you. Get to know everything I can about you. Love you and be loved. The world is truly unforgivable, because I don't even know you. Maybe you don't even exist and I'll spend my entire life looking for you and you're not real. I picture you smart and witty, like me. Fast and articulate, we can talk forever but when we don't, it's the exact opposite of awkward silence filling in the blanks. I need you. I picture you with black hair for some reason. Like mine. I see your vague image in my mind as pale and beautiful. And you listen to me play my music sometimes and you want me to write about you and of course I do too but it's so hard to put something so intense into words isn't it? Even for us, and we're rarely at a lack of words. I picture us cuddling and us watching Wes Anderson movies or Charlie Kaufman or Paul Thomas Anderson, and us talking about all of their almost painfully perfect and brilliant way of expressing his art form of cinematography. I imagine teaching you about all the underground indie folk-punk bands with the lyrics so deep and real it's almost as if it's the only real music in the world. But it's not. I like your music too, of course because you like them, and who knows maybe you already loved all the bands I thought I was introducing you to. We laugh a lot and we have so many inside jokes and other couples envy us because what we have is more real than life itself. Please find me and save me. I need love and I need you to know what a beautiful creature you are and I want to spend the rest of my life exploring every part of your body and it could be you that I'm looking for. You, reading this right now. But how the fuck would I know? How the fuck would you know though for that matter? Message me please, don't be shy. I've flayed and gutted myself on Craigslist for everyone to gain entertainment. But it doesn't matter, I don't care about everyone. Because this was for you. If you're an intellectual and funny and lonely girl in nyc, message me and let's see if I can at least make my first friend here, or maybe more.    
Mohegan Sun
Missed connection
When... Wednesday 1/16
Where.. Mohegan Sun
Time.. 5ish
You said your name was Loren, from Stamford I believe , if you see this I would love to finish our talk and meet up at the Sun... where did i work?    
domlaguy
looking for domlaguy, we used to meet up
anyone know him?    
Stranger on the A train
Your eye caught mine. You were with someone I was alone. I know we've met before. We couldn't speak then, how about later today.  Wouldn't it be kismet if you see this. I had on the long brown boots with the red lipstick .    
Iberian lady
We spoke outside of FedEx, about your friend who I thought might be my friend. My brain wasn't working properly...I should have asked for your number in Spain....    
Met you at iPic theater
Hey, I met you at the iPic theater at Fulton street. You saw "a star is born" and we hooked up after. I wish I asked for your phone number. 
Hopefully you will see this and contact me. Thanks!    
Slim Male for any lucky ladies
I'm new to the area. Single. 
No drama. No kids. No chance of pet allergens. Totally not on drugs. Definitely not a criminal. I'm not asking for money.  This is not a scam. I don't need anything more than just your name. I have to know who i'm talking to, duh, lol. 
Also, I like cuddling. Hugging. Massages (giving and recieving). Hot showers. Comedy. Randomness. Holding hands. Getting kissed anywhere. Video games. Anime. Drumming. Sleeping naked under certain warm circumstances. (I HATE extreme weather temperatures). Water is my main drink. I'm not a health psycho, but I do enjoy healthy foods. 
Not into religion. 
Not into politics. 
Not into rap music. 
My intelligence quota may exceed median comprehension. But i'm not douche about it. 
Just don't stalk me because of my sex skills. A simple text to come to my place or to invite me to your place is sufficient. Thanks. 
If you try too hard to steal my attention, you're probably going to push me away. Just be yourself. Honestly tell me what you want and don't like. Don't spam messages just cause i'm not responding instantly. I could be working, sleeping, showering, shitting, gaming, watching a quick anime or charging my phone. I'll always tell you if you ask. 
I've got nothing to lose. But please honestly tell me if you have a boyfriend or husband. 
A little heads up would be appreciated in case some angry guy tracks your phone location to my house. 
I don't need a surprise fight.    
Uptown 5 - Cool Laptop
You: Moon and ocean skin on laptop with a pair of big headphones with a red wire running through them, dressed in a suit? Black or deep, deep blue/gray. 
Dark charcoal grey boots, ashy in color
Black and white scarf but looks gray, maybe a mixed knit 
Striped tie, dark in color with white stripes 
Either about 5'10 or 5'9 or taller on an uptown 5 around 12pm this afternoon, I got on at Borough Hall/Brooklyn Bridge and couldn't take my eyes off you while you typed. 
You had the most beautiful curly hair and deep brown skin, on the off chance you ever see this I would love to take you out.
P.S. I'm a woman who sat opposite you today    
Ticket to Yams Day 2019 Today
Hello. My date cancelled out on me and I have an extra ticket I don't want to go to waste. If you want it you can have it. You'll have to meet me at the Barclays center as I'm new to New York. It's free.    
Sexy Tall Woman, CVS
I just wanted you to know that I didn't chicken out because of you. You reminded me of Uma Thurman, in Kill Bill. You are beyond hot in so many ways.
No, I chickened out because of me. Because I have nothing to offer you. I am starting over again, from zero this time. Check that - Less than zero. Just at the beginning, too. 
But I wanted you to know that just by you smiling at me, and then looking over at me a few times in the parking lot, you gave me a bit of hope for whats to come for me in the future.
I have a feeling I'll be ok. Thanks for that.    
Pret coffee- tall, ginger gentleman
In Pret, we bonded over the crazy coffee situation. You offered to go get us milk. I believe you got on at the New Hyde Park train station too, but not sure. :)    
I wanna learn more about you
tell me the story of your first heartbreak    
uptown express yesterday 3:40 pm
We were both waiting for the uptown express We smiled on the platform but you got off at BB . You again smiled and wanted me to get off while you stood on the platform and waived goodbye. What coat did I have on    

